# The Legend of Dragoon

In a fantasy setting, a young boy can't look his father in the face and, therefore, the next morning, his father tells the boy that he's been betrayed by his magic staff. With only a single magic staff, the boy is in need of a magic wand to handle the situation. Looking deeper into the matter, his father explains that it has something to do with his past as a wizard. When he was a child, he sacrificed his magic to help the people of Avernus, a planet in the solar system. All of the magic staffs were destroyed by the force of the sun's rays. After this, he sacrificed magic to aid the humans of Avernus. The magic staffs that he sacrificed his magic to aid were the only ones that could be used. However, due to his heritage, he was the only living wizard who could use the magic staffs. This is why he can't look his father in the face.

## Gameplay

The Legend of Dragoon is a side-scrolling platformer, where players jump between the two-dimensional worlds of the game. Upon landing, the player must choose one of the two in-game control schemes, and then use the controls to make their way to the room to confront their father and the other magic staffs.

The game is fairly simple, and the player can reach virtually the same places and the same conclusion. The only difference is that the boss of each of the game's levels is a different color.

The player must slay the boss of each level, but the player is able to do this with either a magic wand, or the ability to transform into an animal.

## Gameplay

The game plays similarly to Mario and Zelda, with the player jumping around, dealing damage and collecting all the various items. The player must use the wand to use magic.

## PC System Requirements

*   OS: Windows XP, Vista, 7
*   Processor: 1.5 GHz (2 GHz recommended)
*   Memory: 1 GB RAM
*   Video Cards: ATI Radeon 9600, ATI Radeon 9600M, ATI Radeon 8500, ATI Radeon X800

## Visual Studio 2012

The Legend of Dragoon is a free download from the Microsoft Visual Studio 2012.

## Gameplay

The game plays pretty much like any

[Next](001.md)