# Fantasy World: The Real Maze

The real world versions of the classic puzzle game, Fantasy World, developed by The Creative Associates.

## Overview

Fantasy World: The Real Maze is a puzzle game developed and published by Imagineer Software, a subsidiary of Sega.

The game was released for the Sega Master System on August 13th, 1994, in North America and September 28th, 1994, in Japan. The Real Maze was developed by Imagineer and Imagineer was responsible for the game's graphics.

The Real Maze was released in 1994, and eventually developed a sequel, A Real Maze: The Real World.

## Gameplay

The Real Maze is a puzzle game that requires the player to solve a series of puzzles while collecting the right items and creating the right layouts.

The player must create a maze in which one of four objects can be placed, as well as a type of object of the same type. The game can be played by moving the cursor from the bottom left to the top right, and clicking on a particular object.

The object itself can be placed in any of the four types, but can only be placed on a very specific size. The game then has to be solved by clicking the object, and clicking on the appropriate location.

The game is over when the correct location has been reached, by clicking the appropriate button.

The game also has various different puzzles that must be solved, such as finding the right item to place in a specific location, finding the correct location for the item to be placed, and getting the correct placement of the item.

The items that can be found include:

*   A stone
*   A diamond
*   A diamond in a particular location
*   A key to a particular location

In these puzzles, the player must solve a set order of puzzles and solve them all to get the item that is needed to complete the puzzle.

The objects that can be placed can vary in style, and can be placed in any of the four types. If a particular object is placed in the correct location, the player will be able to construct an item of that type.

The item can be placed in a particular location, however, the player must be very careful when placing it, because if the item is placed where the object has been placed, it will fall into the trap.