# Deconstruction

Deconstruction is a puzzle game. The player is an architect who is tasked to design, build and decorate a house with the goal of achieving the highest possible score in the game.

## Overview

Deconstruction is a puzzle game. The player is an architect who is tasked to design, build and decorate a house with the goal of achieving the highest possible score in the game. Deconstruction was originally released as a video game, but was released in the PC-98 format. The game is a classic game of the arcade, and was released on the Atari 20th anniversary.

## Gameplay

Deconstruction's gameplay is influenced by the traditional puzzler games of the 1960s. The player must build and decorate a house in a series of levels.

It is the same house that the player had built previously, but this time they have to make a house that is larger, better, etc.

The player is tasked with building all the houses in the game, and decorating them. The player is given instructions on how to build the house.

The house is much larger than the previous house, and therefore has to have many rooms, and the player must get creative in the design of each room to get the house to the highest possible ranking.

Each room has to be decorated with the available decorations. Each room is decorated by the player with the required decor.

There are 2 types of rooms in Deconstruction.

*   Place is the place where the player has to build a house, and must decorate each room with the appropriate decorations.
*   house is the place where the player has to decorate a house, and must decorate each room with the appropriate decorations.

*   house is the place where the player has to decorate a house, and decorate each room with the appropriate decorations.

Each house has to have a sufficient number of rooms to achieve the maximum score.

### House Requirements

*   Floor space
*   4x4s
*   4x4s
*   4x4s
*   4x4s
*   4x4s
*   4x4s