
===
A.D. 5,000: Undecisive

A.D. 5,000 is an RPG game developed and published by Taito for the Super Famicom by Taito in 1990. It was released in Japan in November 1990, and in Europe in July 1991.

A.D. 5,000: Undecisive is a 2D scrolling action-adventure game for the Super Famicom. The player controls the main character, a young man named A.D. 5,000. The game is set in the year 20XX, and focuses on the quest to find the location of the legendary Undecisive, the legendary dragon whose power will manifest itself in battle in order to defeat the evil forces of the world.

The game features a large cast of characters, each with their own unique abilities and personalities. The player is able to choose to play either as a warrior, a mage or an archer. The game has a unique difficulty curve that requires the player to interact with the environment and use the various tools in the game.

The game was published for the Super Famicom by Taito in Japan, and for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1991. The Nintendo Entertainment System version was later released for the PC in Japan, and in North America by Sega in 1992.

A.D.: 5,000: Undecisive was followed by A.D. 5,000: The Legend of the Sacred Blossoming Star, which was a PC-based adventure game also released by Taito.

## Gameplay

As you play through the game, you will meet a wide variety of characters, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. Different types of monsters will appear in the game, and they will try to kill you.

### Familiar

Each of the characters have their own unique abilities and are able to use them to increase their damage, as well as some other stats. For instance, a mage and warrior will both have the ability to stab enemies, although a melee warrior will have a more powerful attack, and a mage will have a stronger attack.

### Heroes

The players character is a warrior, and all of the other characters within the game are mages. They are able to use the same skills that the heroes have, but their damage is much higher than a hero's. As a warrior, the player is able to shoot enemies, and if they
