# PSP Turbo Classics: Vol. 2

PSP Turbo Classics: Vol. 2 is a compilation of the PSP Turbo Classics games. It features:

*   Super Game Boy Advance
*   PSP Turbo Classics: Vol. 1
*   PSP Turbo Classics: Vol. 2

*   PSP Turbo Classics: Vol. 3

## PSP Turbo Classics Features

PSP Turbo Classics: Vol. 1 contains 4 games:

*   PSI – Trigger 10

*   Riptide GP2

## PSP Turbo Classics Features

PSP Turbo Classics features a ton of PSP games from the Mega Drive to the PlayStation:

*    Daytona USA
*   Quake Live
*   Phantasy Star Online
*   Phantom Breaker
*   X-COM
*   Dragon's Lair

## Gameplay

PSP Turbo Classics features a lot of action-based action. The game is a little bit more tactical than the Mega Drive and Game Boy versions.

The game uses a basic combo system where if the player hits the "X" button a few times, the player can have a bonus attack that adds a combo bonus. This adds two to the combo bonus for the enemy to hit.

The game has a lot of bosses that the player has to defeat. The bosses are a heavily modified version of the original Mega Drive boss that was killed in the original Mega Drive game.

The game includes a lot of gadgets to help the player take advantage of the new kids on the block.

The game features a number of different weapons and gadgets to help the player along the way.

There are a number of secret doors in the game that need to be unlocked. Some of them are hidden areas and/or areas of the game that you can't access from the main map.

## Games

The game includes 24 PSP games.

*   F-1 Chip
*   Panic

## Gameplay

PSP Turbo Classics featured a lot of action-based gameplay. The game was a little bit more tactical than the Mega Drive and Game Boy versions.

There were a number of secrets and treasures in the game that needed to be unlocked for the player.

## Games

The game included a lot of action

[Next](016.md)