# Monthly Comic Book Man

Monthly Comic Book Man is a  super-deformed comic book themed RPG for the PS1 and later the PS2. The player is a member of the weekly comic book club, but his power-ups are limited and he must collect them without the help of the club's leader.

## Overview

Monthly Comic Book Man is a super-deformed comic book game developed by                                                                                                                 
    

 

## Gameplay

Monthly Comic Book Man is a super-deformed comic book styled RPG. The player's characterization is based on the characters the weekly comic book club, so you're not just a member of the club. You're the hero, so you start with the ability to collect a number of comic book themed armor pieces. A creature called the "Super Spiderman" can be summoned. If the player collects all of the armor pieces he can create a spider-like hero which can attack in bursts of spider webs. The Super Spiderman can also create a shield that he can use to protect himself from attacks. In addition to this Super Spiderman can also summon a spider-like monster called "The Big Guy". The Big Guy is the biggest of the bunch of monsters. The Big Guy can also summon the other monsters. The BIG GUY is the big daddy of monsters and is the boss of the game. The BIG GUY's attacks are always a melee weapon. The BIG GUY's attacks are always a melee weapon. The BIG GUY's attacks are always a melee weapon. The BIG GUY's attacks are always a melee weapon. The BIG GUY's attacks are always a melee weapon. The BIG GUY's attacks are always a melee weapon. The BIG GUY's attacks are always a melee weapon.

## Enemies

The enemies in the game consist of:

The Big