# Amari Warriors

A turn-based strategy game.

## Overview

Amari Warriors is a turn-based strategy game developed by Nintendo and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance platform. It is the first installment in the Amari Warriors series and the first game in the franchise. It is the sequel to the popular and critically acclaimed Amari Warriors.

The game was released on August 19, 1996, in Japan.

## Gameplay

Players control three men, each representing a group of four. Players have to decide on the order they are to team up with and how to split up the units and bases.

Players can use the strategy of the game to at least 1.5 times the amount of units and bases to move their units and bases, as well as to be able to waylay enemy units.

Each unit or base is represented by multiple units, each unit having a name. 

The game is known for its easy to play controls, as well as the number of units and bases that can be controlled and the tactical possibilities.

Each unit can defend a number of units of a given class and each unit can be able to attack and defend.

Each unit also has a certain amount of cost and weapon use is limited to the unit.

The other important aspect of the game is the combat. When one unit is destroyed, the opponent can no longer move, which means that if the unit is able to defend, it's use is limited, as one of the units can no longer attack.

### Units and Types

The player has to choose between a number of units of various types and they don't always have to be special units. Most units can be used for a variety of tasks, such as protecting a base, defending a base, building a base or making a charge.

Each type of unit has different attributes, such as attack, defense, hit points and morale.

As with games such as Space Quest 2 or The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask, units are represented by numbers, letters and symbols. Each unit has a number of attributes, such as attack, defense, hit points, morale, and movement.

The game is known for its fast combat speeds that make combat the focus of the game. Units can take half damage from enemy attacks and can charge and charge faster than enemies.

Each unit, however
[Next](24.md)