# Derelict Source

Derelict Source is a humorous, open-world RPG. The game has a unique perspective that allows players to ride on top of a giant spider and have adventures with his companions.

## Overview

Derelict Source is a top-down, open-world sci-fi, platformer, developed by                                                                    *    Aided by a giant spider (and a few other creatures), you are the smartest spider in the world, and must get to the bottom of this giant spider's lair, but the spider is not satisfied, and he wants you to go back. Upon return, you must find a way to get past a wall of pits, and then you must get past the wall of pits to return. However, the spider is not done with you, and he is after the capture of the spider's brain. You must gain the trust of the spider, and then the spider will help you. Despite the fact that the game is open-world based, the gameplay is extremely linear. It is a point-and-click adventure game, with the requirement of items and a set point of difficulty, and no inventory.   

## Gameplay

Derelict Source is a top-down, RPG-like game. The player kills spiders and uses items to help the spider, and then attacks with his sword, axe, gun or knife. The player can also get into an RPG-like state by collecting runes and using them to level up your character, and to increase your stats. Each level, the player gains experience and magic power. The player can also use a few spells, such as the Statue's ability to create and restore mana.  

## Game Script

Derelict Source was designed by