Shoujo Kamigami Monogatari wa Kaibutsu-kun!

Shoujo Kamigami Monogatari wa Kaibutsu-kun! (Shōnen-kun Black-Haired Girl) is a side-scrolling action game developed and published by Bandai for the Super Famicom. It's the sequel to the Super Famicom game Shoujou Monogatari wa Kaibutsu-kun! (Shōnen-kun's Bride) and it's the first game in Bandai's "Legend of the Mystical Ninja" series.

## Overview

Shoujo Kamigami Monogatari wa Kaibutsu-kun! (Shōnen-kun's Bride) is a side-scrolling action game developed and published by Bandai for the Super Famicom platform. Shoujo Kamigami Monogatari wa Kaibutsu-kun! (Shōnen-kun's Bride) is a side-scrolling action game developed and published by Bandai for the Super Famicom platform. Shoujo Kamigami Monogatari wa Kaibutsu-kun! (Shōnen-kun's Bride) is a side-scrolling action game developed and published by Bandai for the Super Famicom platform.

## Gameplay

Shoujo Kamigami Monogatari wa Kaibutsu-kun! (Shōnen-kun's Bride) is a side-scrolling action game. The game features a musical segment in which the avi is played through the game's soundtrack. For the Super Famicom version of the game, the music was composed by Tetsuya Naito and Hirofumi Asamoto. The game features a video game interface similar to the Super Famicom version. The game also features a range of special moves and a "Battle System" system where monsters are controlled by the player's movement and attacks.

The game's gameplay is a side-scrolling action game that features a variety of melee attacks and spells. Spells are covered in a special section of the game where the players must choose between different spells and tap the spell button at the right time. Spells can be upgraded and most spells have effects that increase the player's health. Spells are classified into "evolutions" and "variants" with the evolution spells having the highest level of effect. Each spell has different effects that increase the