
===
Dungeons and Dragons: Baldur's Gate

Baldur's Gate is the first entry in the Baldur's Gate series. It is also the only game in the series to feature an online component. Players choose a character from the online database that they can have a character link as a bona fide account. The game is set in the game's fantasy setting of Baldur's Gate, and the player's reputation as a brave adventurer is reflected in popularity of his or her actions.

Baldur's Gate was originally going to be a game exclusively for the PlayStation. However, since Sony had one of the fewest number of computers in the market, the game would have been a tough sell to produce on the PlayStation.

It is one of the few RPGs that could be played in the browser for the first time, and was developed by Cospa and published by Sierra Entertainment.

The game was developed by Sierra Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment. Sierra Entertainment developers had previously worked on the early Star Wars trilogy.

Baldur's Gate was originally going to be released on the PlayStation as part of the "First in the series" trilogy. However, the game was canceled in late 1995.

Players could choose from a variety of characters in the game. The game was originally supposed to have been on the PlayStation 2, but the development team found that the PlayStation 2 was more suitable for their needs. The game would have been based on the third book in the series, Age of Mythology.

Baldur's Gate was released for the PC, Mac, and Linux platforms in 2000.

## Gameplay

The basic gameplay of Baldur's Gate is the same as any other role-playing game. The player has to explore the story, find and aid villagers, and help a mage in combat.

The story centres on a wizard who dreams of becoming a hero. However, his dreams are interrupted by the discovery of a dungeon that is inhabited by dragon-like creatures. These creatures are easily hostile and interact in various ways with the player. The player must use his or her environment to fight these creatures. If the player can kill the dragon-ling, the party will be rewarded with more experience.

Combat in Baldur's Gate focuses on high-powered weapons and spells, short swords, and shields. The player is able to attack and block with his or her weapon, but can use
