# Fighting Dinos

A side-scrolling platformer set in a prehistoric world. While carrying the mammoth lance, the player must evade hordes of dinosaurs.

## Overview

Fighting Dinos is a side-scrolling platformer developed and published by Bizarre Creations for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It was published in Japan on October 11, 1993.

The game is the second in the Fighting Dinos series, and the sequel to Fighting Dinos 2. It is a side-scrolling platformer in which the player must avoid flying dinosaurs while avoiding blocks and moving up and down switches.

The game was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in North America on September 19, 1993.

## Gameplay

The gameplay is very similar to other platformers of the time, with the exception being that the player has a higher standard of reflexes. The player takes control of the mighty lance, which has an upwards facing and can shoot a wide range of projectiles in an effort to get past wall-jumps, which have a defensive function. There are also many different types of dinosaurs, each with their own special abilities.

The player can also use the back button to move left or right, and the up and down buttons to shoot, and the d-pad for jumping.

The game also supports a number of shooting techniques. The game also has a revolving cannon, which fires projectiles at a high rate of fire.

The game has a variety of weapons. The player can shoot with pistols, shotguns, rocket launchers, flamethrowers, and grenades.

The game has several different types of enemies. Here is a list of all the enemies:

### Dinosaurs

*   Dragon - A large, armored dinosaur, easily the most difficult dinosaur. The player must dodge his attacks and avoid his well-aimed attacks. The dragon is able to jump, and his tail can be used for climbing as well. 
   Giant - Giant, extremely powerful dinosaur, and the most difficult dinosaur. The player must hit the dragon's back, and the dragon will headbutt the player, dealing massive damage. 
   Giant Dragon - A powerful dragon, the largest dinosaur in the game. Its head is large, and attacks are much more powerful than the dragon. The dragon's tail can be used for jumping, and is capable of a number of attacks, including

[Next](036.md)