# _The Evil Within 2_

In the game, the player controls a member of the elite psychosurvivor's "Vanguard Guard" who has been shadow-banned for killing gang members and is asked to protect a mysterious vault. The vault's purpose is to store data and symbols for the future. The player's job is to guard the vault while it is being run by a group of assassins. However, the vault's data and symbols are in danger of being stolen. The player must stop the thieves and protect the vault, but the player doesn't have much time to accomplish this task without being stabbed in the back. The game is an action-adventure and is a direct sequel to _The Evil Within 2_.

## Gameplay

The Evil Within 2's gameplay is very similar to that of _The Evil Within_. The player looks around the environment, collecting various objects and objects that can be used to upgrade his weapon, armor, and abilities. The game's first enemy is a lone assassin who has been instructed to kill the guards, but he has to be killed first.

The game also has a number of items that can be used to enhance the player's abilities and equipment. These items also differ from item to item in design and function. The player's most notable upgrade in the game is the re-positioning of the mouse. The player now has three different controls:

*   Movement: The mouse is used for movement, and occasionally for shooting.
*   Attack: The mouse is used for attacking, and can be used to throw an object or to climb.
*   Reaction: The mouse is used for aiming, and for shooting objects.
*   Speech: The mouse is used to use a variety of items to communicate with NPCs.

The mouse has the ability to move and shoot, and can search for and use objects, but the mouse does not have the ability to carry, hold, or switch inventory. In order to carry a weapon, the player must first click and drag the mouse down.

### Items

There are many items in the game, the most commonly used item is a small knife, which can be used for slashing, stabbing, or killing enemies. The player's weapon can be equipped with many more items than the first, and they are all generally stronger and more effective.

The game also includes a number of items