Kingdom Rush

The first entry in Sega's King of the Hill series, Kingdom Rush is a video game that focuses on a variety of Japanese feudal systems.

## Overview

Kingdom Rush is a simulation/action game developed and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis on August 20, 1989.

The developers at SPEED TECHNOLOGY created a Nintendo Game Boy Advance port of Kingdom Rush in 2005.

## Gameplay

Kingdom Rush is a simulation/action game in which the player has a large variety of units (including knights and samurai, as well as elephants). Players are given the choice to either choose a single unit or a large army, and the game attempts to simulate the various feudal systems of Japan. Various units have different characteristics, as well as different stats, while a unit has to be equipped with both a shield and sword, and has to be strong against both.

Each unit has a special ability that can improve their performance when used together, such as attack speed or defense, and can also buy them upgrades.

Each unit has a special ability, but you have to use it sparingly in order to ease up the game. For instance, the samurai can be an excellent defender, but have to be used more often to make sure they are well-equipped to defend themselves.

The game includes a basic system in which units can be placed in a hierarchy, and when one unit is used, it becomes a hierarchy of units.

## System

In Kingdom Rush, the player starts with only two units at their disposal. Units are assigned to a rank. The ranks range from weakest to strongest, and each unit can have an appropriate rank. At each rank, units are upgraded, and they progress to the next rank.

For each rank, one unit could be upgraded into another unit. The player had to purchase upgrades for each unit, and they had a limited amount of them, so the player could only place more units in a hierarchy.

For example, a unit would have to be upgraded to a Knight. At the highest rank, the unit would be upgraded to the Artillery, and at the lowest, the unit would be upgraded to the Swordsman. As a result, the units would be useful against certain units, and some units would be better suited to certain units.

## Units

The game contains four units. Each unit has a special ability that can