# The Secret School of Dragon - A mystery-dense, turn-based RPG.

The Secret School of Dragon, or S.S.D., is a 3D turn-based strategy RPG that was developed by the team behind the now-iconic game Shin Megami Tensei III. It was released in Japan on December 4th, 2005.

It is a side-scrolling action RPG, where you have to prevent the destruction of your enemies and the ensuing destruction of your own soul. What this means in plain English is that it's a faithful rendition of the original Dragon Quest.

## Gameplay

The game has 4 main game modes:

*   Story: You can play this mode by going to the main menu, selecting the option to choose a dungeon. While in dungeons, you can check the description of the dungeon to see what sort of things are in store for you, but you can also talk with the NPC to gain their trust.
*   Dungeon: You have to go to every dungeon in the S.S.D. universe to acquire power-ups and items.
*   Dungeons: You can play these by collecting and filling up the dungeons. You will have a total of 4 dungeons which you need to defeat the enemies in order to progress to the end of the game.


*   Fighting: You can play this by going to the menu, getting the spell card and selecting the option to fight. You can choose to use a pair of spell cards to cast spells and to recharge your mana. The generated mana is used to attack and damage enemies. The spells are available in the S.S.D. universe, but you can only use one spell card at a time.
*   Adventure: Players must battle through dungeons to get to the ending. It is a turn-based game with a lot of different paths.