# Paladins

Paladins is a turn based RPG with a simplistic combat system that is reminiscent of the classic "Star Wars" series. The protagonist, a dashing warrior, is out to defeat a demonic force.  
  
Paladins is a game where players take control of the hero, and are given numerous quests to solve. The player's stats are very important to the success of the quest, and any low ones will be met with a dire warning.  
    
 As the quest progresses, new items are provided, and new spells will be available. The player must use these spells and items to solve the quest.   
  

## Gameplay  
  

### Quest

The player is off to a quest to save the world from the demonic forces. He, therefore, has the hero's skills as a final step. The quest is divided into several stages. At any stage, the player will need to go to various locations and get various items. These items can be obtained by solving a number of puzzles to provide items or by defeating enemies.   
  

## Weapons

In Paladins, weapons are dropped as the player completes the quest. Upgrades to weapons are earned by defeating enemies, and are special upgrades. Weapons can be upgraded either by using consumable items, or by upgrading the weapon to the highest tier.  
  
  

#### Weapons

### Power Weapons

### Equipment

*    Tumblers: A light gun pellet in a very powerful shot. These pellets can be shot out of the weapon to inflict area damage.  
  

#### Weapons

### Weapons

### Equipment

*   Suits: A suit is a suit of armor that can be used to wear a suit of armor without it being classified as a suit.  
  

#### Weapons

### Magic Weapons

### Accessories

*   Gloves: A glove that can reduce the weapon's damage. Gloves can be upgraded to a suit of armor that reduces the weapon's damage.  
  
   

#### Magic Weapons

### Conjuration Weapons

*   Magic weapons can be used to conjure weapons, but can more easily be used to create a