
===
Rabid Eagle

In just one of the most successful games ever made, the original and sequel to the popular Adventure games, the player is a young boy who is recruited by the evil wizard Asmodeus to destroy a meteor that has been threatening the Earth for a thousand years.

## Overview

Rabid Eagle is a game developed and published by                                                                           

## Gameplay

Rabid Eagle is a game that is very much influenced by the real-time strategy genre. The main objective is to gather as many resources as possible and to defend them from enemies. The player must use the resources to build structures and cars to defend his resources. The player must also use the car to travel to certain locations. The player must also gather and construct buildings.

The game is done in a "real-time" manner. The player must gather resources as they appear and then build structures. The player must then generate buildings. There are no buildings to build in the game and therefore the player can only build structures, which are important to the success of a game. In order to build structures required resources must be gathered. There is no way to gather resources without gathering resources. This is the only way to build structures.

In the end the player must battle against the elements to win the game. The environment is very important to the success of the game. The player must use the resources to create structures that will help the player survive the elements. A structure is a structure that can be built that will protect the structure from the elements, such as buildings, structures and structures that provide protection against fire.

## The Moon Rock

The moon rock is one of the three moon rocks that are connected to the main moon, the other three rocks are the other two moons: Mars and Jupiter. The moon rocks also are the most important moon rocks in the game. They have large amounts of resources. The two main resources are rock and water.

The player must keep a supply of water for his structures and buildings. Water must be gathered from the oceans and can
