# The Legend of Dragoon – The First Time of the Seven Seas

The end of the Phantom Lord series sees the player transforming into a ronin and a mermaid named Natsu. The game is the first of two games in the Legend of Dragoon series and the first time the player has to transform into a mermaid.

## Overview

The Legend of Dragoon – The First Time of the Seven Seas is a turn based strategy game with a different concept from the other games in the series. The game takes place in the far future where the planet of Noxus is in a state of decay and is in a state of war. The player is a ronin (the type of unit that the player has in a fortress) and the only unit on the planet. The game then transitions to the present where the player is a mermaid (the player has a mermaid body which can be completely worn by the player). The game then transitions to the Dragon World and the player must escort the Dragon King to the other side of the world in order to stop the Dragon King from the future. The game then shifts to the present to the present era with the player being a mermaid again.

Along with the combat, the game is also packed with lots of humor and parody material. The game is a parody of shows such as The Big Bang Theory and Castle in the Sky. The game is also a parody of Disney movies such as Mulan and Aladdin.

## Gameplay

The game plays very similar to other strategy games such as Space Ace or a similar game like Command & Conquer. The game does have a lot of units however, the player will need to choose one and move it around the battlefield. The game is very fast paced and resembles the action of Space Ace or Conquest.

The player needs to gather all the resources, which are stored in the cart, and move them forward. The player has to pick an ideal unit on the battlefield and move it back and forth. The unit that will move the fastest is the one with the highest number of resources. The player will have to start with a large number of units and build up as far as possible.

The player can rebuild the resources and the units that are in the cart to build up a large army. This army can be very slow to build and will tend to be unable to maintain a large army that is built up from resources.

[Next](059.md)