Skies of Arcadia

An adventure game for the Super Famicom. The game has many elements of the point-and-click adventure genre, including the ability to rescue kidnapped princesses and a large cast of character-friendly villains.

## Overview

Skies of Arcadia is an adventure game developed by Accolade and published by Square-Enix (sales copy of Japan version released in 1990) for the Super Famicom. The game, with a limited release of 5,000 copies, uses similar gameplay elements to that of many other adventure games such as The Legend of Zelda. The game follows the story of Princess Miria, who is kidnapped by the evil wizard Enthir, who has been imprisoned since the middle ages. After rescuing her, Princess Miria must find a way to free Enthir from prison.

Skies of Arcadia was released for the Super Famicom in 1996. It was followed by a sequel called Skies of Arcadia in 1997. The game was also re-released in 2014 for the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 (as Skies of Arcadia: The Rising Sun). The game was also ported to the Nintendo 3DS for the North America version (as Skies of Arcadia 3: A Hero's Tale), but was never released outside of Japan.

The game received numerous sequels, some of which have been published and some of which have not.

## Gameplay

Skies of Arcadia is a side-scrolling adventure game that introduces several "features" to the gameplay.

*   First, there is the mind-controlled player character. If the player can mentally control the mind-controlled character, he can use the "Hands" feature to use weapons (i.e. arrows, guns, magic spells, etc.).
*   The "Place" feature lets the player explore the environment surrounding Miria (i.e. areas that the mind-controlled character cannot access).
*   The player character's ability to "teleport" is limited to the "Teleport" spell.
*   The player character can take control of "tritoy" objects (i.e. weapons, shields, etc.).
*   The mind-controlled player character can use magic spells (i.e. conjure, conjure energy, etc.), which have many effects.
*   The mind-