Super Mario Bros. 3: Minigolf

Super Mario Bros. 3 minigolf. The game is a spin-off of the Super Mario Bros. series and has an emphasis on speed and fun. The player uses a variety of items and power-ups to get through the levels.

## Overview

Super Mario Bros. 3: Minigolf is a Nintendo Game Boy Advance game developed and published by Nintendo. It is the third installment in the Super Mario Bros. franchise and the last in the series to receive a 3D engine. The game allowed players to use a variety of items and power-ups such as the Toadstool, which allowed players to collect coins and power-ups, and the Toadstool, which could be used for short-term speed boosts or to help go through levels. The game also allowed for goal-oriented gameplay where players could collect coins by completing specific tasks.

The game was released on September 16, 1991 in Japan, on December 18, 1991 in North America, and on November 19, 1991 in Europe. The game was also released on the Wii Virtual Console.

## Gameplay

Super Mario Bros. 3 features a variety of platforms including, but not limited to, the following:

*   Levels

*   Star Bowser

*   Super Mario Bros. 3

*   Yoshi

*   Star Lava

## Characters

There are five playable characters in Super Mario 3:



*   Toadstool

*   Yoshi

*   Birdie

*   Nabbit

## Gameplay

Super Mario 3: Minigolf is a platformer. The player moves around with the aim of reaching and collecting coins and other items. The coins can be used to upgrade the items like Toadstool and Toadstool 2, but there is no item to upgrade the player's Toadstool.

The game is divided into three stages:

*   Bowser Castle

*   Star Bowser

*   Star Lava

## Enemies

There are five enemies in Super Mario 3:

*   Spider

*   Toad

*   Birdie

*   Nabbit

## Pokémon

### Toadstool

*   Birdie

*