# Dawn of War: Vengeance of the Dark Lord

The former commander of the elite assault division of the German Army's Krupp Army, Dr. Lecheris the Destroyer is the latest recruit to the Dark Lord's army. The original commander of the Space Air Force's Black Armoured Company, Dr. Lecheris is the most skilled of the Dark Lord's commando units. He is a veteran of the first World War and the sole survivor of a German air raid that wiped out most of the Space Air Corps and killed nearly all of the survivors.



Dr. Lecheris is a powerful commando, and is a frontline medic in the Black Army's ranks. His commanding officer in the war is Dr. Werner Von Habsburg, who is a World War II veteran and the greatest enemy of the Dark Lord. Though he is a sadistic psychopath in the mould of the Nazi doctor, Von Habsburg understands what the Dark Lord seeks to accomplish and will do anything to achieve it.



The game is set in the German-Soviet borderlands during the Cold War. The war in the zone was fought primarily by the Red Army and German Army's elite units, a testament to the Dark Lord's ruthless tactics. Dr. Lecheris the Destroyer is the last of the units to join the elite commando ranks, and a fresh recruit himself.



The game, set during the end of the Vietnam War, features a year-long campaign, culminating in the final battle against the Dark Lord's forces in a climactic climactic battle in the village of Green Beret #1.



### Operation Ivy

Operation Ivy is the last major expansion for the original Dawn of War. It is set in the Soviet Union during the 1970s, and focuses on a Korean War-era nuclear project called Project Ivy. It is the climax of the final chapter of the first game, and is the last major expansion. The Dark Lord's forces have already been defeated, and there are no more good guys to kill in the game, but the Dark Lord still has plans for his new recruits. Many of the units were designed to be simple and cheap, with little to offer in the way of upgrades.



The original game features a new player interface with a number of units and nations, but the emphasis of the game is on units and nations. Units are referred to as "machines