The Dark Continent: Dungeons & Dragons

This is the first game in the Dark Continent series. Its predecessor was more of a collection of different adventures that players could find in a dungeon. In this game the player would be doing quests for a mysterious entity called "The Master." The Master was a big fan of Dungeons & Dragons and had always wanted to be a part of it, but was unable to find a way to become a part of it. He contacted the player, who, of course, sent him to the dark continent. The Master was a very good player, but was not the most skilled of all, and his knowledge of the dark continent was not complete. He also had issues with the center of gravity. This was a very good thing, because he could leave the center of gravity to be shared amongst the party, which meant a lot of jumping and dodging, which made him very hard to hit. The center of gravity was a point of strength that the party could use to hit enemies, but they would get hit very hard if they were too slow to use it.

There are several different areas in the dark continent, each area has their own hazards. The maze, for instance, is full of enemies and traps such as traps, portals to enter a dungeon, and portals to enter a tower. The player must be careful here, because there are doors that are only opened in certain situations. In the labyrinth, the player could place traps and the party could escape from the traps, but they would have to reset the traps a second time in a certain sequence of attacks.

The game has a lot of combat. To defeat an enemy, the party would need to use weapons, spells, and various other abilities. The party could be limited to certain armor classes, but a character that could not use anything but a sword and a shield would be a ghost.

The dungeon itself is the dungeon. The dungeon was a huge and complex place, and the only way to enter it was by exploring the area. The players could speak to the inhabitants, who were the heroes that the player had created. They would join the party, and go through their research.

The party would have to travel through a series of dungeons, eventually reaching a boss dungeon. In it, they would find the Master, who was dead, and his minions. The players had to find and kill the Master's minions, and the party then would have to fight the