# Sengoku: Battle for the Nine Heavens

Sengoku: Battle for the Nine Heavens is the second installment in the Battle for the Nine Heavens series, and is the last game in the series that allowed for competitive versus mode.

The game introduces a new set of weapons including a flamethrower, rocket launcher, and missile launcher. In addition, it introduces new units such as the 'Big Unit', the 'Angel', and the 'Archer'.

## Overview

Sengoku: Battle for the Nine Heavens is a tactical RPG for the PlayStation. It was released on August 31, 1994 in North America and October 30, 1994 in Japan. It was developed by Softdisk Publishing and published by Sega, Warner Bros. and Midway for the Dreamcast.

The game was a technical and commercial disaster, but the developers at Sega had a plan: They needed a new engine to power this new model. They decided to make a remake of the 1989 arcade game Battle for the Nine Heavens using the Sega Master System's hardware.

The engine was called Sega Saturn Engine, and was meant to be a port of the Sega Saturn game Battle for the Nine Heavens. The engine was, however, designed to run on the Sega Master System, so a new engine was created to run Battle for the Nine Heavens. At first, this new engine was dubbed Sega Saturn Engine 2, and in January 1995, the Sega Saturn Engine 2 was released.

The game is an RPG that is, as the name suggests, about people fighting to defend their homeland. The game is set in a 19th century Japan setting, featuring the battles of the Three Kingdoms of Japan. The game is heavily influenced by the Dragon Ball Z Super Buu/Wayne's route of the Dragon Ball Z games (where the player controls Eto and his henchmen).

Sengoku: Battle for the Nine Heavens was a critical and commercial failure, and the company that designed it was never seen with the same vigor that they had a decade earlier. The game was later ported to the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1996.

## Gameplay

Sengoku: Battle for the Nine Heavens is a tactical RPG, and is quite similar to The Legend of Zelda. The combat moves are very similar to the Zelda series, including the ability to fire a bullet or fire a projectile. Players can, however

[Next](068.md)