Marauder 2

Marauder 2 is the sequel to the original Galaxy Barbie. It is a well known simulation game for the Game Boy Advance, but its sequel is a more realistic "realistic" action game, with realistic 3D environments. The player controls a character from a 90s fashion magazine called Marauder, and must explore the world in search of the "ultimate Barbie".

There are multiple levels of difficulty as well as plenty of power ups and outfits to find - such as the ability to swim and a Cloth Armor suit. The player can use guns, knives and bombs, as well as throwing rocks. There are three different types of bombs, as well as a variety of weapons and vehicles.

There are a variety of enemies in the game, including zombies, demons, and a variety of alien weapons. There is also a rocket launcher and flame thrower. The player can find various items, including different power ups.

The game is not as difficult as it's predecessor, but the game is far from easy. It is more of an action game than an adventure game, and if the player does more than he can control, the game ends prematurely, and the player is forced to restart from the beginning.

### Enemies

Each enemy is a different type of creature and will attack the player through a variety of different techniques. The arsenal of weapons are divided into different categories. Basic weapons generally are used to kill the enemy, although some of them are more powerful than others.

Mechanically, their main characteristics are:

*   Strength - i.e. the ability to kill the enemy with a single hit.
*   Intelligence - increases the number of attacks made by the enemy.
*   Speed - increases the speed of the enemy.
*   Agility - increases the agility of the enemy.
*   Endurance - increases the amount of stamina the enemy has left.

The enemy can be destroyed by throwing rocks, or by a bomb. Pebbles will kill them, and a mushroom will not. Rocks and mushrooms cannot be thrown.

The enemy can be killed by a single weapon, or by many weapons at the same time. The player has to aim for the weakest ones, and use them as the target.

The AI is a lot smarter, and will take care of the enemies more often than the player.

The player