# Luminous Arc

A futuristic, RPG-like, several factors are at play in this futuristic shooter. 1. The player has the ability to use a variety of weapons such as rockets, bombs, missiles and guns, all of which are in the arsenal of the player. 2. The player's speed is a major factor in the combat. The player can use a wide variety of weapons and is able to move quickly. 3. The player can be upgraded as an extra character. The player can be upgraded as an extra character with access to new skills. Each additional character also has a special ability which can be used in combat equipped with the proper number of bullets. Each additional bullet, the player's speed increases by one.

Luminous Arc is a turn-based strategy RPG developed by Sega and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn in 1990. It featured a unique art style and a unique world for an RPG. It has been ported to many other systems and systems including the Xbox and PlayStation.

## Gameplay

Luminous Arc was an action RPG in the vein of Shadow of the Colossus. Players could pick the most desired equipment to get a mission done. The mission objectives were quite simple with just a bunch of objectives that were all dependent on the player's skills. The game played a bit like the Prisoner of War genre. The player had to lead a small force of soldiers to find a path to victory and eliminate the enemy.

## Weapons

Each soldier has a weapon that they use in combat. There are four different types of weapons in the game, some of which are more suited for different situations.

*   Scoped Rifle - The scoped rifle is a rifle that has a scope attached to it. Players are able to see the entire area around the player, and can also see the surrounding area. Most of the time, the player will have to make a quick decision of which weapon to use. The scoped rifle is the most common weapon in the game.
*   Shotgun - Shotguns are weapons that have a wide range of bullets. Shotguns have a lot of ammo, and the player can shoot it to get maximum damage. The size of the shells are somewhat limited, and the shotgun is the most common weapon used in the game.
*   Military Issue Shotgun - The military issue shotgun is a shotgun that has a telescopic sight attached to it. The scope is

[Next](073.md)