Peacemaker: Othello: The Game

An easy-to-learn, hard-to-master game.

## Overview

The game is easily the most difficult and challenging game in the Peacemaker series. Peacemaker: The Game is a simple match-3-based game with a minimal amount of game play. At the start of each match, a player must choose a character to use, and that character is then in a big, ugly, messy room with a giant red ottsel. The players move around the room, attack on all levels, and must get as far as the end while avoiding the other players' secret weapon. The ottsel, which is usually hidden, is a powerful secret weapon. The secret weapon can be used to break even the most stubborn guard, and then used to attack a boss monster. Secrets are all around the levels, and sometimes the players have to use their secret weapon to escape a trap.

Peacemaker: The Othello game was released by Angie's Associates in 1992.

## Characters

There are 18 characters here. Each character has their own unique traits. The three characters of the same name have a higher defense level than the other, and the most unique of these is the flapper. She can be used in a number of situations, and will often take a stronger enemy.

#### Bob

*   Maksim
*   Maksim - He is the most difficult to use character. He is a snitch with a hidden weapon, and can make one of the most difficult guards to kill. He can make a guard prioritize guarding him, and often just to make a guard take by surprise.

####  Maksim II

*   Maksim II - Maksim II is one of the hardest guards to use. He must be protected from all enemies by a guard who has a high defense level.

####  Admiral

*   Admiral - Admiral is a guard with a high defense level. He has a hidden weapon and can be used to attack. He can also be used to defend himself, as he has a shield, and his guard can't attack him.

#### General

*   General - General is a guard with a high defense level. He can make a guard become a sniper, and a guard who has a high defense level