
===
S.C.A.T.: Special Cybernetic Attack Team

An action game developed and published by Infogrames, S.C.A.T.: Special Cybernetic Attack Team was released in the US in May 1996.

The game is a platformer in which players are tasked with saving a cybernetic being that has been kidnapped by an evil corporation. The game features numerous enemies including, of course, cyborgs.

The game was a critical and commercial flop, however it is known that in the US, it was used as the launch title for the PlayStation version of the game, a system that eventually sold over a million copies worldwide. S.C.A.T.: Special Cybernetic Attack Team was the first PS1 game to feature PlayStation Network support.

## Gameplay

The gameplay is similar to that of many other arcade games, where players control a character in the first person view. In the first person view, players move and shoot in the direction of the enemy. Battle is waged in the space between different weapon types. The player can shoot either a laser cannon, a rocket launcher, a missile launcher, or a rocket. The game also features various types of explosive weapons, such as a mine and a bomb.

S.C.A.T.: Special Cybernetic Attack Team is a platformer in which the player is tasked with three goals: Destroy the targets, find the hidden items, and rescue the kidnapped cybernetic being.

The game was developed by Infogrames and published by Infogrames in 1995, October of the same year Infogrames was founded. The game was created by Infogrames, Marcin Wicharski, and now, by Infogrames, Marcin Dziarski.

## Setting

The game is set in the year 2052. The planet is Earth. The world is overrun by cyborgs. The game features alien intergalactic war commander, John Gay.

## Gameplay

In the game, players control an alien being called "Special Cybernetic Attack Team". The player has to accomplish three goals:

*   Destroy the targets
*   Find the hidden items
*   Rescue the kidnapped cybernetic being

## Gameplay

S.C.A.T.: Special Cybernetic Attack Team is a side-scrolling platformer. The player must shoot
