
===
Duke Nukem 3D

The sequel to the first game in the Duke Nukem series, this time it's "Duke Nukem 3D" and it features a new "DLC" system replacing the traditional "single-player" mode. With player's special abilities and hundreds of weapons, the game contains a large array of weapons, including: a M-80 tank, M-68 anti-tank rocket launcher, a M-60 tank, an M-90 anti-tank rocket launcher, and a T-34 tank.

## Overview

Duke Nukem 3D is the third game in the series, and the sequel to Duke Nukem 3D. After establishing himself as the star of the series, the game's "DLC" system (which replaced the traditional single-player mode) introduced weapon and armor upgrades for each character. Each armor and weapon is represented as a separate unit in the game, with the player doing the actual inventory management of the unit. The "DLC" system accepts a certain amount of player input, e.g. by giving the player a command ("Move to the left"). The player is given the choice of moving to the left or to the right, and is able to perform an action that determines the weapon's effectiveness. And at the end of the game, a score is calculated as the difference between the two options.

The game was the first console game to feature the "DLC" system, and the last game to have it. By having the player purchase a certain amount of weapons "doubled up" with armor, and by having some payment for each purchase made by the player, the game was able to have a higher level of realism than games like GTA. The DLC system further dipped the toe into realism, with the game's weapons looking more realistic than the average FPS games.

## Gameplay

The game starts out with the player getting a basic supply of weapons (which can be upgraded in the game). As the game progresses, the game evolves towards its "DLC" system. The game is broken down into a series of "levels", with the player getting progressively more powerful weapons and armor. As the game progresses, the game moves away from the "single-player" mode and into a more open world environment. The game is fully free-roaming, with the exception of certain "special" levels.
