# You are the young prince, and the enemy is none other than a powerful demon, known as the Demon King.

## Overview

The Demon King is an action-adventure game from Jaleco and was developed by Dark Castle, Inc. The game was released on the Sega Saturn and PC as well as the PlayStation and Game Boy Advance.

The Demon King is essentially a turn-based RPG with real-time combat. The game is set in the medieval era of the world, and the player can choose to play as either a knight or an archer.

The player can use weapons and magic during combat, and when healing, he can also use stamina. Stamina is the ability to sustain the physical attack, and it is used to attack enemies by running up to them and pressing the attack key. The player can also use stamina to cast spells, as well as to heal companions.

## Gameplay

The player has to explore the world, and he must come to terms with his demons. When he has come to terms with his demon, he chooses to go to the underworld, which is the underworld. There he must find a way to get out of the castle, but first he must fight the Demon King.

The game has a lot of quests, and they are populated with many characters, each of whom are objective-based. Each quest also has a goal, and with each objective, the player must gather power-ups in order to progress.

The game is mostly set-up as an adventure game, and the player can choose to solve quests that are set up by NPCs, some of which are the heroes of the game.

The game has a lot of traps, and the player must find and disarm the traps. These range from weapons to armor, and the traps are hidden around the world, usually in caves.

An important feature of the game is the demon-hunting aspect of the game. The player can choose to kill demons instead of of gaining experience. For a large amount of experience, the player can hire a demon. The cost to hire the demon is high, but the demon will usually do more good than evil.

The player can also hire a demon in the underworld, which can be a bad idea, because demons are the most powerful enemies in the game. There is no way to kill a demon, and the cost is high. The demon will often be

[Next](080.md)