
===
Fantasy Zone

Fantasy Zone is a 2D platforming game for the Game Boy Advance, developed by Sunsoft and published by Atlus. In this game, the player is a magician who must travel through a castle that has been taken by evil spirits. The player must use his magic to combat the evil spirits, many of which are armed with weapons.

## Overview

Fantasy Zone is a platformer game developed by Sunsoft and published by Atlus for the Game Boy Advance platform. It was released in 2007 for $1.99.

The game was also released for the Nintendo DS in Japan and Europe. It was developed by SunSoft and published by Atlus.

## Gameplay

Unlike many other games of this genre, Fantasy Zone has no realistic dungeons to traverse. The player uses his magic to take out the spirits, but these spirits are all armed with weapons. The player needs to find the weapons, and use them, and get through the castle to defeat the evil spirit.

The weapons are very detailed, and required to be collected by collecting the various treasures scattered throughout the castle. Each treasure has an animation sequence, and the player can use his magic to destroy all the enemies in the castle.

The game itself is fun, and easy to play. The graphics are very detailed, and players can navigate the castle to get to the end without any trouble. The music plays during the game, and at the end of the game, the player will be given the choice to save or die.

## Enemies

The game has several enemies, each of which can make the player kill him or her easily.

Each enemy has a different attack, and have different magical attacks to deal with.

### Spirits

The goal of the game is to defeat the evil spirits, and collect the weapons, and escape from the castle. The spirits are armed with magic, which are very powerful. The player should be careful, as the spirits are armed with magic, which can deal magic damage to the player, but should the player get too close, they will shoot out of the air, and the player will be killed.

The spirits deal magic damage in the same manner as the player's weapon, and are armed with projectile attacks.

### Bosses

The game has several boss fights, each of which are armed with a magical attack that the player must avoid,
