
===
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt

The third installment in the award-winning RPG franchise, this was the first video game to feature a real-time dungeon-crawler model. It was also the first game to have a fully-featured magic system. It is also one of the few RPGs to have a fully-realized encounter system.

## System Requirements

*    Windows 95
*   Mac OS 9
*   Amiga, Atari ST and PC-98.4 compatible.
*   PC

## Gameplay

The player is tasked with solving a series of arcane puzzles, usually involving either a specific type of item or area within the game. The player is able to use the same items in multiple positions of the dungeon, usually with a different number of items. The player is able to do this through a combination of spells and items, as well as a wide variety of strategy. The game does not have a rulebook, but rather relies on its sense of time.

The player is able to use items, though their number is limited. They can use a 'magic circle', which allows the player to create different items by combining different items and using different composite attacks. These include:

*   Chairs

*   Iron Rings
*   Magic Lanterns

*   Chairs

*   Carvings

*   Collecting gems

*   Arrows
*   Magic Items

*   Bombs

### Gameplay

The game does not feature an encounter system, but rather a pre-determined fantasy-fantasy plot. The game starts off with the player using the sword, shield and sword-claws to traverse the dungeon, using the arrow keys to execute a number of actions. These are usually associated with the three elements; fire, water and earth. The game does however have some options for the player to use each element, including using them in different ways.

The game is not without its enemies, however. Monsters are available to be slain, either by flying, slashing, or by fire. These are usually intelligent creatures that are not aggressive in nature. The reason they are not aggressive is because they are not aggressive in nature. This is also because they are not aggressive in nature. The game does not have a point-based combat system, but instead has
