
===

Halo



One of the first games ever developed by Bungie, the first in the series, Halo is a space combat/shooter set within a Halo universe. It was released for the Xbox in 1998, the Genesis in 2001, and the PlayStation in 2003. It was also bundled with the original Xbox. The game featured a map editor, where gamers could create maps for offline play.

The game features a large roster of Space Marines and weapons including the Mega-TAC, C-Buster, Grenade Launcher, Missile Launcher, Plasma Rifle, Plasma Rifle

The game also features an online multiplayer mode where players can form teams and compete in a variety of challenges. Like most MMO's, players can have multiple accounts, and can raid other players' accounts and save their games.

## Gameplay

The game features huge arenas that players can use to kill enemies. The game also features a variety of weapons, most of which are not available in most games, but are in the game. Each weapon has a different secondary fire, and it can be used as both a primary or secondary weapon. Secondary weapons can be used to both kill and destroy enemies, using the primary as a secondary weapon. Primary weapons (as well as secondary weapons) have different range and fire rates, and have different weapon attachments.

The game also features a unique "lone wolf" strategy, where players must eliminate enemies in groups, using the sniper rifle, and then wait for an enemy to approach the group and give chase. Once the enemy is within range, the sniper rifle has a secondary shot, which can be used to kill the enemy. The game also features a large arsenal of weapons, which can be used in any order. Each weapon has a different secondary fire, and can be used as both a primary or secondary weapon.

The game also features a unique "sniper rifle" mode, where players can use the rifle as a sniper rifle, and then wait for an enemy to approach the group and give chase. Once the enemy is within range, the sniper rifle has a secondary shot, which can be used to kill the enemy.

The game also features an online multiplayer mode, where players can form teams and compete in a variety of challenges.

## Weapons

The weapon database is divided into two main sections, the weapons are divided into two categories, Assault rifles and Pistol. Assault rifles, as the name implies,
