Star Wars: Jedi Knight 2: Jedi Outcast

The sequel to the acclaimed Jedi Knight, Star Wars: Jedi Outcast features more than a dozen new weapons, power-ups, and enemies, while retaining the same combat mechanics and basic gameplay choices.

## Overview

Star Wars Jedi Knight 2: Jedi Outcast (known as The Star Wars: Jedi Academy 2 in Japan) is a Star Wars: Jedi Knight 2 game that was released for the Super Nintendo and PC in 1998. Its sequel, Jedi Outcast II, was released for the Nintendo DS in 2001. The game was developed by LucasArts, whose previous work on the franchise included Star Wars: Jedi Knight: Dark Forces.

The game is notable for its heavy focus on combat, with several enemies and weapons dropping a barrage of bullets and various health upgrades. It's also a sequel to the legendary LucasArts game, Jedi Knight, which was released on the Super Nintendo in 1997. This game is notable for having all of the full motion video, with male and female characters moving and reacting in all of the game's beat-up CGI.

The game's sequel, Jedi Outcast III: The Sacred Stones, was released for the Nintendo Switch in late 2016.

## Gameplay

In Jedi Knight 2: Jedi Outcast, players can have up to four weapons at their disposal at any given time. Most weapons require five shots to kill an enemy. Regular weapons, such as the blaster, missile launcher, and shotgun, have a universal ammo that can be replenished by overusing the attack button.

Although it was originally planned to have a bloodthirsty character who would grow more aggressive as the game progresses, the player was only given access to four weapons in the game. The four weapons include:

*   The blaster
*   The large bomb
*   The blaster rifle
*   The grenades

## Gameplay

As in the original Jedi Knight, there are multiple ways to move and fight.

*   Toggling the grenade launcher/blaster rifle/bombs provides for a quick, but not very effective, opening for aim
*   Toggling the large bomb/bombs provides for a quick, but not very effective, opening for aim

## Weapons

There are a number of weapons in Jedi Knight 2 that are powerful options. Among them is the