# Super Mario World II: Super Mario World

Super Mario World II is the sequel to the Super Mario World Nintendo GameCube game, Super Mario World. The game is a direct port of the PlayStation game, Super Mario World, and it is the first installment in the Super Mario World series.

A sequel to Super Mario World, Super Mario World II adds new weapons and abilities while introducing some characters and settings from the first Super Mario World. The game also features a host of new gameplay elements such as the use of speed and power-ups.

## Overview

Super Mario World II is the second game in the Super Mario World series, and the first game to use the GameCube controller. It was released in Japan on September 19, 2001 exclusively for the GameCube.

The game's gameplay differs greatly from the first game in the series, however, as it is a direct port of the PlayStation game, Super Mario World. The game is a direct sequel to Super Mario World, and it adds new weapons and abilities while introducing some characters and environments from the first game.

The game was also the first game in the Super Mario World series to be used as the basis for the Super Mario World series. Super Mario World II was initially developed by Nintendo-published company Nintendo-published Super Mario World: Superstar.

The game was released on the Nintendo Wii in June 2005, and was released in the US in October 2007.

## Gameplay

Super Mario World II introduces the 9-wheel Super Mario Kart, which has two different levels. The first level is at the top of the stage. The game's first level, named "Level 1", consists of a small island. The level orbits the island (and the player's character, Mario) and slopes upwards towards the center. Mario must navigate a small maze of winding paths. On the other end of the maze is the player's Mario, who is protected by a pair of shield-toting Goombas. In the center of the maze is a single Goomba - it will attack Mario if Mario gets too close. The game's second level, named Level 2, consists of a large island, and the Goomba will attack Mario if Mario gets too close. Mario must traverse two different stages, each with their own unique theme. On the top of the course is a single Goomba - Mario must avoid the Goombas in each stage and proceed
[Next](101.md)