
===
AnimeBag: The Animation

AnimeBag: The Animation is a live action animated movie depicting the story of a young man who ditched his childhood home in order to travel to the distant planet of Z'a

The movie was released in 1985 and starred Hideo Kojima and Kenji Mizoguchi. AnimeBag: The Animation was released for the NES in December 1987. It was also released for the Sega Saturn.

AnimeBag: The Animation is a spiritual successor to the Wii game of the same name. The game follows a young boy who ditched his home on Z'a to travel to the far reaches of space to visit his grandmother, who has been taken by aliens living on Earth.

The game was remade for the Nintendo Wii in the Wii version with the addition of a player-controlled space ship, a new episode set in the distant reaches of space, and a new level.

## Gameplay

The gameplay in AnimeBag: The Animation is similar to the original Wii game, with a lot of variety in the levels. The player is able to choose from a handful of weapons, these being a blaster, rocket launcher and the "shovel." In addition to the rocket launcher, the player is able to use the "shovel" ability to dig a hole to at least one of the three points on the screen. The hole is full of weapons, including the "final weapon," the rocket, and the rocket launcher itself.

AnimeBag: The Animation features a different level design than the Wii game. The level is set on a planet where the player has to destroy the structures which the aliens own. AnimateBag: The Animation is very similar to Super Mario World. If the player gets into a room which has an alien structure, the player can use the "shovel" ability to carve it out and use it as a weapon. This can be done with the "shovel" ability. The alien structure can be destroyed with the "shovel" ability and can be "rebuilt" by using the space ship, the "shovel" ability, and a new weapon.

AnimateBag: The Animation features a lot of weaponry. The game features a lot of weapons, and the player can use them all. The game has a lot of different weaponry, from the common weapons
