
===
Cheshire Cat: The Movie

Cheshire Cat: The Movie is a platformer developed and published by Viacom.

The game is a platformer, and the player is a cat, who must stop a mutant cat named Cheshire. Cheshire has the ability to transform into the shape of a fox, the mute mascot of the game.

The game was published by Warner Bros. in 1990.

The game is known for its use of fast-paced gameplay and a unique soundtrack, which is a live-action score composed by the late Michael E. Garcia.

Cheshire Cat: The Movie, or just the game, has been responsible for a large number of cult hit films, such as the cult hit animated film, "Cheshire Cat", and the Disney film, on which the game was based.

A sequel to the game titled Cheshire Cat: The Movie: Cats of the Moon was released in 1996.

## Controls

### Action

The player can either use the mouse to move, and then press the attack button.

The attack button is used to attack, and then the space bar to scroll, or, if the player is very good, to rush.

There are many different attacks in the game, from tumbling cannon balls to throwing knives.

There are many moving, and sometimes perilous creatures in the game: Giant, Fire, and Ice cats, and many more.

### Weapons

There are only three weapons in the game, the jump button, the hammer, and the sword, the hammer is used to jump, the space bar is used to hold, and then to attack.

The sword is used to stab, the space bar is used to stab and then the attack button appears.

There are many different types of sword, and some have the ability to be thrown, such as the bow and arrow.

### Magic

The next weapon is the magic wand. This is the player's most used magic weapon. The player can use it to cast spells, but not just spells, there are many spells that can do. The player can use it to cast certain spells, such as Fire spells, Ice spells, and more.

The players can use it to cast spells to a certain degree, but only spells, and not all spells, and spells are cast as spells.

The
