
===
Riptide GPX

Riptide GPX is a racing game developed and published by Atari Games for the Atari 8-bit platform.

## Gameplay

The game is a horizontally scrolling race with a goal of either being first or last in the race. The player is attempting to avoid the other players until they reach the end of the race. At the end of the race, the player is supposed to earn points by passing the number of characters that is displayed on the screen, or taking the top spot, or scoring the highest point total in time.

The game also features a timekeeper, which is a person who keeps track of the number of characters that have passed, or not passed, during the race. The game continues as long as the player not only passes the required number of characters, but also the required number of characters that are still on the screen. The player is given the choice to either go through each character individually, but with a timer, or selecting the same character multiple times. The game also features a hidden "time bomb". The bomb's purpose is to kill the player if they are not careful enough, or if they are not careful enough, and then after the "time bomb" is gone, the game is over.

## Characters

The game is broken up into three main factions:

*   Iron Warriors (Team Leader, Leader, and Leader of the team. They also have the ability to use most of the weapons and skills that the team has. All of the weapons, however, have a short duration of effect that is dependent on how well they are used.

*   Iron Legion (Team Leader, Leader, and Leader of the team. They also have the ability to use most of the weapons and skills that the team has. All of the weapons, however, have a short duration of effect that is dependent on how well they are used.

*   Dwarf (Leader, and Leader of the team. They also have the ability to use most of the weapons and skills that the team has. All of the weapons, however, have a short duration of effect that is dependent on how well they are used.

## Weapons

The game features a variety of weapons. The weapons are divided up into three categories:

*   Handgun - All weapons have a high damage and range, and the accuracy is different depending on the weapon
