# Divekick

Divekick is a high-ranking member of the Japanese "Shenmue" fighting game team. He is the main antagonist in the game, and the first playable character from the Shenmue series. He is the son of the legendary warrior Zeff and can use both magic and melee attacks. He is a powerful and charismatic warrior who can be fought using his sword and shield as a weapon.

He wields a sword called the "Shenmue" and a shield called the "Tiger Claw", a combination of swords and shields.

### Power-Up System

Divekick can level up his sword, shield and sword. The Tantalum can be used to level up his sword, shield and sword.

Get the Tantalum's weapon and weapon stat bonuses.

## Entrance

Divekick is the game's boss and his HP is around 20%.

Divekick's life bar is slightly bigger than the game's.

## Outside of the game

Divekick makes a cameo in the third and final level of the game, the game's final boss, "Yayoi".

## Development

The game was initially supposed to be a 3D fighting game, but it was delayed due to the fact that the team had other ideas. Divekick was then to have a simple sword, shield and sword progression, and were to have to use the Tantalum's sword, shield and sword stats as weapons.

## Board

The board in the game is a simplified version of the one in the game. It is entirely similar to that of the original Shenmue games, with only a few differences. The board also has a unique "special move", which is the game's "final attack". The special attack includes a knock back attack and has a shorter range than the attacks in the game.

## Characters

The game has a total of 15 playable characters, as well as 3 boss characters.

*   Gouki

*

[Next](118.md)