# Edge of Time

Edge of Time is a NES platformer in which the player controls an alien who must stop an evil time-hopping machine from destroying the Earth.

## Overview

Edge of Time is a NES platformer that was developed by Data East and published by Nintendo.

The game was originally published by Data East for the Famicom in 1986. A sequel, called Edge of Time 2, was released by Data East in 1988.

## Gameplay

The main goal of the game is to avoid the attention of any possible time-hopper. This is accomplished by eluding the time-hopper and jumping beneath the time-disc, and then sliding out of the time-disc and onto the back of the time-hopper.

In order to do so, the player must first avoid the time-hopper's laser cannon, which fires projectiles out of the top of the screen. The player is able to press and hold the attack button to fire the laser cannon back at the time-hopper, however, the laser cannon can only fire once every four shots.

The time-hopper, in return, will fire blasts of energy that can blast the player off the stage and onto a platform that can aid the player in avoiding the laser cannon.

In addition, the time-hopper can drop a few bombs if the player misses their jump. These can be dodged or missed by shooting them, however, the bombs are a quicker way to make the time-hopper regret what he did.

The game was also available as a Super Game Boy cartridge for the US and Europe, and later released on the PlayStation.

## Gameplay

The game is divided into levels. Each level is a small area that is empty, and the player must shoot each area of the level to make the time-hopper run off of the stage and destroy it.

The game is very simple, and any time-hopper who manages to make it into the final area will be greeted with a more difficult and more enjoyable puzzle-solving puzzle.

The game has a large amount of weapons and enemies. The game includes a variety of enemies, including robots, aliens, and time-hoppers.

The player can make use of every weapon in the game, with the exception of the sword and the firearm.

## Gameplay

The

[Next](122.md)