# Madden NFL 2004

The NFL 2004 season was a reimagining of the previous game, Madden NFL. It included the new "Madden Style" game mode, "Madden NFL 2006".

## Overview

Madden NFL 2004 is a sports game, combining the realism of an arcade game with the flying cars and elaborate player models of the real-life baseball franchise. The game was developed by EA Tiburon and published by EA Games, the latter being the publisher of Madden Football, and the publisher of Madden NFL 2005.

Madden NFL 2004 was released on November 30, 2005 and is the first game to feature the "Madden Style" fantasy football game mode. The game featured a wide variety of fantasy football player, from players from the NFL to the NBA to the NFL's version of the NHL franchise.

The game featured the ability to control a variety of fantasy football players including:

*   Mike Martz (Redskins)
*   Johnny Manziel (Texans)
*   Chad Pennington (Rooster)
*   Tony Gonzalez (Cowboys)
*   Percy Harvin (Packers)
*   Ray Lewis (Ravens)
*   Jamaal Charles (Jaguars)
*   Charles Woodson (Chiefs)
*   Mike Wallace (Steelers)
*   Chris Johnson (49ers)
*   Tony Gonzalez (Raiders)
*   Ray Lewis (Patriots)
*   Tony Gonzalez (Raiders)

The game also featured a unique player management system, with the player's fantasy rating determined by a series of objective criteria. The player would earn points by being a solid fantasy player, and would be able to unlock new players through playing a certain number of games.

## Gameplay

The game had a fairly similar gameplay to that of other Madden titles. There was a lot of passing, most of it was automatic. It was also a 2-on-2 fantasy football game in which the player was able to add any fantasy football player to his roster.

The game had a lot of fantasy football concepts, on top of that a new player could be introduced within a game. The game included a lot of fantasy football formations, and it was possible to create custom formations.

The game allowed for a lot of different types of formations

[Next](123.md)