# The Legend of Dragoon

The Legend of Dragoon is a 2D platformer based in western Europe. The game is a spiritual successor to the original Legend of Dragoon, as it continues the storyline of a young girl named Rebecca who is kidnapped by a mysterious party named the Zoh.

## Overview

The Legend of Dragoon is a 2D platformer from Kadokawa. The game was developed by Kadokawa and published by Sega. It was released in the United States on September 30, 1999 and in Europe on December 6, 1999. It was the last game in the Legend of Dragoon series. The game is a sequel to the famous game of the same name, which was released in Japan in 1988.

## Gameplay

The game is an action RPG with RPG elements, for the most part. There are various sword, shield, and dagger attacks, which are performed by holding down the attack button. This is done by pressing the square button on the controller, and almost all attacks require a circle button to be performed. Upon performing a weapon attack, the character must perform a counter attack, which is performed by holding down the circle button and pressing the square button again.

There are various spells that are performed by holding down the attack button. These spells are performed by performing the spell, then pressing the circle button again. For example, if the player performs the spell "Holy Water", the circle button will be used to perform "Holy Water", then the square button will be used to perform "Holy Water".

The game was known for its intricate design and the use of multiple triggers and buttons, and also uses many controls. For example, the square button is used to perform sword thrusts, and the circle button is used to perform shield attacks. The game also uses a dual Blade button, which is used to perform magic (elemental). This magic is performed by holding down the circle button, then performing a magic spell.

The game also has a double-tap, which the player can perform at any time. In this case, the square button is used to perform a magic spell, then the square button is used to perform a magic spell. If the player is holding the fire button, the fire button will be used to perform a magic spell, then the square button will be used to perform a magic spell.

There are many secrets throughout the game. The game may be repeated

[Next](127.md)