Distro Wars

The first installment in the Nintendo Entertainment System's important strategy series, Distro Wars has players choosing from ten different variations of fighter to take to the field in order to keep their empire in balance.

## Overview

Distro Wars is the first game in the Nintendo Entertainment System's popular strategy series, Distro. The game was released in arcades in 1989, but a console version would be released later that year. The game was developed by Nintendo themselves and published by Nintendo themselves. It was published by Nintendo themselves in the US and Europe, but not the rest of the world.

The game was developed by Nintendo themselves, but there were many different versions of the game. This was due to the fact that Nintendo had to adhere to copyright laws in order to release the game to the American market. Nintendo would not allow third party developers to alter the game, so Nintendo would have to make the game to their specifications for release. Nintendo would have the game in their quality control department.

The game featured a strategy mode, whereby the player would use all different tactics to maintain their empire. They could use a defensive strategy, where they would try and maintain the balance of their force, or they could use an aggressive strategy, which would try and conquer as many planets as they could.

## Gameplay

Distro Wars was very difficult to play due to the fact that the game was a top down game, and the player had to look to the left and right of the screen to see all the different units in the fleet. There was a level of strategy involved, but the players would have to be very careful to balance their forces, and not use too many units.

Distro Wars had a very unique gameplay system. The player had to use relative to other units, which would give them a very different look to the enemy. The player would need to balance their forces in such a way that they were able to have the best unit, but not the worst unit.

The game would have a strategy aspect to it, where the player would have to use units, and have their units work for them. In order to do this, the player would have to send out units to the enemy, and the enemy would react to that, and if they were not able to do something, would react to that.

Also, they would have to be careful with the actions of their units, as they were