
===
Phantom Shadow 2

A stylish, magical-horror-themed 2D platforming game in the style of Resident Evil.

## Overview

Phantom Shadow 2 is the second game in the Shadow Man series of platforming adventure games. The game was released in 1991 and is a reboot of the original Shadow Man (released in 1991, with the same art style, and the same storyline and enemies). The game features a more sophisticated and combat-oriented gameplay.

## Gameplay

Phantom Shadow 2 is a platformer that only consists of a few straightforward levels. The player controls a shadow, and switches to a cape when he'd like to turn into a person. These transformations are done by pressing the corresponding buttons. The cape can also be picked up and thrown around, but the player's movement is limited.

There are a lot of enemies, and they are all of a different sort. They range from insect-like creatures to dinosaurs. The player is able to take control of a number of abilities to assist him, but there are no jumping, running, or jumping abilities.

There are a number of weapons in Phantom Shadow 2, including some ranged weapons, including an elemental weapon (heat gun).

The game's story is told through the use of a magical mirror that's used to interact with the world. The player is then able to use the mirror to interact with the environment, especially the environment's magical objects.

The game features a lot of enemies at many points; from simple to tricky, and some are just stronger versions of others.

## Enemies

The enemies in Phantom Shadow 2 are simple and have five distinct types. They are:

*   Hydra - The Hydra is a small creature that has a set of attacks.
*   Bird - The Bird is an interesting creature. It has a set of attacks, and seems to have an inherent magic spell, but can be surprisingly difficult to kill.
*   Crab - The Crab is a large creature that has a set of attacks.
*   Dinosaur - The Dinosaur is a huge creature that is much stronger than the Crab, and can be difficult to kill.
*   Dragon - The Dragon is a dragon that has a set of attacks.
*   Dragon - The dragon is a dragon that has a set of attacks.

### Dragon

The Dragon is a powerful creature
