
===

The Legend of Maple

Legend of Maple is a 2D action game and the second in the Legend series. It was developed and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is known for its unique combat system, which can be used in a variety of situations. It is also known for its use of pre-rendered 3D graphics, which allowed the player to feel the impact of attacks. The game was released in 1987, and was easily one of the best action games in the PlayStation era.

## Overview

Legend of Maple is a 2D action game. The player's character, Cid, is a young knight who travels to Barhara, an ancient kingdom of warriors. He is tasked with going to the castle of the hero hero, Riddel, to steal the treasure of the kingdom. The game is based on the Legend of Zelda series, and the player controls Cid through a sword and shield. The game was a critical flop due to poor sales, but it sold well enough to spawn a sequel, Legend of Zane, which was released in 1988.

Legend of Maple is a strategy game, and the player controls not only Cid, but also the other heroes. The heroes have to aid the player in various ways, such as repairing the castle, rescuing the princess, and many other tasks. There are several items in the castle of Barhara that can be used in a number of situations, such as repairing the castle walls, cleaning up the castle, and much more.

Legend of Maple is a predecessor of many strategy games, but it is the first strategy game to feature a fully 3D engine. While the game was a critical flop due to poor sales, it sold well enough to spawn a sequel, Legend of Zane, which was released in 1989.

## Characters

Legend of Maple has 16 playable heroes. There are also a total of 12 playable heroes, each one with their own unique attributes and strengths. Each hero has a different elemental that is tied to their stats, and each hero has a different weapon that can be used in a variety of ways.

There is a total of 12 playable heroes in Legend of Maple.

*   Celes
*   Celes
*   Celes
*   Celes
*   Celes
*   Celes
*   Celes
*   Celes

