
===
The Legend of Dragoon

A comedic exploration game, developed by Sanrio, for the Famicom.

## Overview

The Legend of Dragoon (known to some as _My Hero_) is a comedic platformer developed and published by Sanrio for the Famicom platform. It was released under the name _My Hero_ in Japan on September 11, 1999.

The game is an adventure game developed and published by Sanrio for the Sega Genesis in 1993. It was released in 1994 in the US, the European and Asian markets.

The Legend of Dragoon was the last of the Samurai Warriors to be released for home computers.



## Gameplay

The game is divided into two parts, the first part being an adventure game which is set in a fantasy world, and the second part is a comedy-action game.

The player must traverse various stages to collect the necessary items as they go, for example the player must reach the end of each stage to fight the boss. Each stage is a place where the player must fight various monsters, which come in many different shapes and sizes.

### Items

*   Small statue - A small statue will save the player from a variety of danger zones. It can be crafted from wood and stone.
*   Mirror - A mirror will allow the player to see through to the next area which will include the boss, and to fight the boss.
*   Key - An item that opens a door, allowing the player to enter another area.
*   Rod - The rod will open a door, allowing the player to enter another area.
*   Book - A book can be used to solve puzzles, for example, the player must first open a door in order to get to the end of the game.
*   Ring - A ring will allow the player to look through different areas, and will also allow the player to grab a map.
*   Glass - Allows the player to see through walls, and will also allow the player to see through the boss room.

### Next

The player has a number of weapons at his disposal, and must pick a suit of armor in order to take on the next round of fighting in the game. While the player can equip all of these suits of armor, he can only equip one weapon at a time.

### Macabre

