# Melon: The Lost Expedition

Melon: The Lost Expedition is a 2-D puzzle platformer developed by J.C. Staff & Meteor.

## Overview

Melon: The Lost Expedition is a 2-D puzzle-platformer developed by J.C. Staff & Meteor. The game is based on the adventures of a young boy and his magical guardian, a blue-haired girl. As the game's protagonist, Melon must traverse a magical land to stop the evil wizard Akanaka from taking over the magical realm.

## Gameplay

The gameplay of Melon: The Lost Expedition is very similar to other puzzle-platformers such as Galaxian or Talisman. The player must teleport to the end of the stage to solve the puzzle. The game's mechanics are similar to Galaxian of moving the cursor to the end of a level. There is a huge amount of power-ups throughout the game that give the player more and more power-ups. For example, one of the enemies is protected by a sword and a shield. The player must use this power-up to attack and defeat the shield-protected enemy. The game is also very open-ended. The player can pursue any clue or item, but the game's natural flow is- one of the best parts of the game. As you move your cursor to the end of the level, you'll encounter a boss, who will be guarded by a powerful enemy. So, the boss must be defeated. Each boss fight also serves as an opportunity for the player to improve his stats. The game is over when your team reaches 0 HP.

## Enemies

The enemies in Melon: The Lost Expedition are grouped into four different groups of four.

### Element: Fire

### Element: Bolt

### Element: Ice

### Element: Lightning

The entire game is a fusion of a dungeon-crawler and a shooter. The game includes multiple types of enemies.

*   Diggers

These are the basic diggers. They are the most common enemy encountered in the game. They are armed with a variety of weapons. The player must shoot them in order to defeat the digger.

*   Rock Golems

These are buildings controlled with the mouse. They are armed with powerful weaponry. The player must shoot them in order to defeat the building.

*
[Next](139.md)