# Jak'Abaddon's Call: A Hero's Duty

Jak'Abaddon's Call: A Hero's Duty is the second game in the Jak'Abaddon series, and the first game in the series to be released on the PS2. It's setting is far from the ideals of good and evil, but it's a story based on real events.   
  
Jak'Abaddon's Call is set in the year 2614, and the game attempts to tell a story of an ancient ancient warrior called J'Abaddon who sets out to explore a terrible world called The Wastelands.  
 
The player is J'Abaddon and his companions.    
  
The game takes place in a medieval setting, and the game takes place in the year 2500.      
   
The player is a champion warrior named J'Abaddon who has been trained by the ancient gods of the sun. These gods, in turn, have trained a man a thousand years after J'Abaddon who is known as the Hero of the Wastelands. J'Abaddon is the first hero to set out to explore the Wastelands and find a way to safety.    
    
The game begins with the player being trained to be a warrior, and is completed by completing the following quests. Each quest will reward the player with experience points which are used to buy power ups and equipment in the game.   
  

A hero must explore the Wastelands to find and slay the evil wizard known as J'Abaddon.   
   
The game ends with the player receiving the reward of the quest.                
   

## Gameplay    

A lot of the gameplay of the game involves moving and attacking in an attempt to burst through the defenses of an enemy. In doing so, you must kill all of the enemies in your path, and unfortunately all of the enemies are evil. However, this evil is not as evil as some other games.    
   J'Abaddon is the main focus in the game, and is the leader of the evil forces.
[Next](140.md)