# The Quest for Glory: The Quest for Glory (known as _AdventureQuest_ in Japan) is a side-scrolling platformer in which players explore a fantasy world, and fight various dark creatures with a variety of magical and mechanical swords.

## Overview

The Quest for Glory is a side-scrolling platformer in which players explore a fantasy world, and fight various dark creatures with a variety of magical and mechanical swords. The game received numerous sequels, some of which are still in the series.

## Gameplay

The game had a unique mechanic in that the player could not touch the bottom of the screen. The game also had a unique mechanic of using all the items on the player's character.

## Enemies

### Dark Dragons

These are the most common enemies that the player will encounter in the game. They are all creatures with purple color, and a few are red. Their armor is often described as being a much better quality than their single-colored counterparts.

### Dragons

These are the most common enemies that the player will encounter in the game. They are all dragons with yellow color with the exception of the Red and Yellow Dragons, which are the two monstrosities that the player will encounter.

### Prisoners

These are the prisoners that the player will encounter in the game. They are not as powerful as the Dragons, but their armor is not as good quality. They are usually a group of prisoners and the player will immediately encounter a group of prisoners.

### Merchant

These are the merchants that the player will encounter in the game. They are usually the last people to the player that will not sell any goods to the player. They are usually merchants that are trapped in a dungeon and the player is trying to escape to get out.

## Weapons

The player will have a variety of weapons in the game. They will have some that will boost the stats of the player, some that will not, and some that will enable the player to do something that they could not do in the game.

The Sword has the highest rate of fire, the Bow has the longest range and the most powerful spell, the Bowman has the lowest rate of fire, and the most powerful spell.

Of note is the Dragon's Spellbook. This is an office that the player has to use to learn spells. There are spells that can be learned, which
[Next](141.md)