# Tales of Destiny

A favorite of the RPG community, Tales of Destiny is a free-to-play RPG that is based around a Japanese folklore tale of a woman who is told by her father to go and save the world by finding the secret to the dragon's curse.

## Overview

Tales of Destiny (known in Japan as _Tales of Destiny: Memoria no Koushuu_), is a free-to-play RPG developed by Bulkypix and published by Hudson. It is a free-to-play title that is heavily influenced by Japanese folklore tales.

The game is a free-to-play game that is developed by Bulkypix and Hudson. It has a free-to-play system similar to the loot-based, dungeon-crawling, dungeon-crawler, dungeon crawler genre. The main feature of the game is the growth of crystals which can be obtained by defeating enemies in dungeons. The game features educational levels where players are able to learn much-needed information about the world, its people, and the history of the dragons in the history of the world.

The game is very similar to the free-to-play model in other RPGs, such as the original Diablo. In Tales of Destiny, quests can be completed by seperating the player's time into different time periods. In the beginning, the player is able to go to the realm of the dead, but in later time periods, they must travel to the realm of the living. The main difference of the game however is the first time, the player is able to be seen by other players, but the world is more visualized and the game is much more action-packed.

There are two types of crystal that are represented in the game. Firstly, there are the environment crystals. These are the crystals which the player can use to create things in the world. Tools, weapons, armor, potions, and other basic items are some of the basic objects that can be created.

In the end, there are the undead crystals. These are the ones that the player can use to resurrect the dead. A player is able to use these undead crystals to create new undead, which are able to be used in the world. As an undead becomes stronger, it can use a variety of different weapons and armor.

## Visual Art Style

The game uses 3D graphics, such as