
===
THE ORIGINAL CROWN

A platformer/adventure game for the Atari 8-bit. A game developed with the help of Richard Garriott, author of many games including Ultima Underworld.

## Overview

The Original Crown is an adventure game developed by Richard Garriott and published by Electronic Arts for the Atari 8-bit platform.

The game was the first game in Garriott's series of games called "Adventure".

The game was released on the Atari 8-bit under the name "The Original Crown" and the game was released on the Super Atari 10-bit under the name "The Original Crown 2".

The game had a different design than the likes of Ultima Underworld which was to have a creature that was created by the player.

The game was released for the Super Atari platform on October 1 2001 under the name "The Original Crown: The Original Adventure".

The game had a different design to the likes of Ultima Underworld which was to have a creature that was created by the player.

The game was released for the PlayStation platform on December 17 2001 under the name "The Original Crown: The Original Adventure".

## Gameplay

The game uses the same layout as the other games in the genre. The player must use their wits to navigate a castle filled with deadly traps, monsters and enemies. The castle is open and the player can explore the castle to find and defeat all enemies. There are many traps in the castle for the player to defeat, however, the player must use their skills to move through the traps. The traps are numbered 1-10 and there are 20 in total.

The player can take a hit to their health bar and their health will decrease. The player must re-discover all the traps as their health would drop to zero. The game then had a time limit. The player had to find and defeat all the traps and meet the time limit.

The game had a variety of enemies to defeat. There was a frog, a wolf, a dragon, a duck, a wolf, a bear, a fox, a bear, a dog, a rabbit, a bear, a dinosaur, a dinosaur, a skeleton, a dinosaur, a snake, a bear, and a bat.

The game also had several traps to defeat. There were a number of them, however, some were rare and were all very difficult to find
