# R.E.D. - Race to Die!

R.E.D. - Race to Die! is a side-scrolling video game.

## Overview

R.E.D. - Race to Die! is a side-scrolling game that features a variety of races from the classic cartoon line-up to the futuristic race-car. The game is set in the year 2049, and features a complex game of political espionage and survival.

The game was released for many platforms:

*   Nintendo 64

*   Atari 8-bit
*   Amiga
*   Commodore 64
*   Atari 5200
*   Amiga, ZX Spectrum
*   Commodore 8-bit

## Gameplay

R.E.D. - Race to Die! is simply a side-scrolling action game. Players will be presented with a variety of tactics and choices along the way. The game itself is a simple side-scrolling platformer, but it's gameplay is broken up into levels, where each level has a unique objective.

R.E.D. - Race to Die! has a simplistic concept that has players exploring a world slowly. Each level has a variety of objectives, but never a complete objective. There are various weapons that can be used to solve these challenges, but they are not all the weapons that will work well.

There are several weapons that are capable of destroying all obstacles and enemies, but they can be unstable or slow to fire. A world map in R.E.D. - Race to Die! is shown along with a time-line of the world map.

### Weapon Modifications

### Weapons

*   Pistol - The pistol is the basic sniper rifle.

*   Shotgun - The shotgun is a fast-firing, energy weapon.

*   Shotgun Barrel - The shotgun barrel fires rockets.

*   Ripper - The Ripper is a powerful energy weapon.

*   Flamethrower - The Flamethrower fires a powerful heat-seeking missile.

*   Rocket - The rocket launcher is a faster, more potent weapon.

*   Weapon-Type - The weapon type determines the weapon's effectiveness.

*   Weapon Size - The weapon size determines the weapon's

[Next](151.md)