# The King of Fighters '99

A remake of the King of Fighters '99 released on the PlayStation 2 and PC in 2001, featuring the addition of the crosshair.

## Overview

The King of Fighters '99 is a remade version of the PC King of Fighters '98 released on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox. Developed by Capcom for the PlayStation, and published by Capcom, The King of Fighters '99 is a remade version of the PC version, completely remade for the PC.

The King of Fighters '99 is a remake of the PC King of Fighters '98, featuring the crosshair. The developers considered making the crosshair in-house, but decided that a crosshair from the PC version, however well-made, was simply too big and would detract from the overall look of the game.

The game also features a unique FMV-based concept, in which players have to shoot a path in a certain direction, shooting and destroying all the enemies along the way. In a way, this is the same concept as Capcom's Ken, who is always shooting a straight line in a certain direction, forcing the player to shoot in that direction as well.

The game was developed by Capcom and published by Capcom for the PlayStation on September 30th 1999. The game was developed by Capcom and published by Capcom for the PC on October 1st 1999.

## Gameplay

The gameplay is very much like the PC version, with a handful of weapons to pick up and a very wide array of enemies, with the exception of a few rare enemies and special enemies. The game is a lot harder than the PC version. Beginning with the player first having to defeat the boss, he can have to defeat the boss's henchmen and the enemy's henchmen, and eventually will have to defeat the boss's other henchmen and the boss's henchmen. The controls are very similar to those of the PC version. The player can control his character in different directions, and he can shoot with his gun. He can also jump, but this does not affect the direction the player is moving by. This game has a lot of enemies that can shoot at the hero.  
  

Along with the enemies there are a lot of items to collect. The Hero can gain experience points earned from defeating enemies, performing action (e.g. shooting an enemy, finishing a cutscene
[Next](152.md)