
===
 The Emperor's New Groove 2: A Kill or 'Em!

The Emperor's New Groove 2 is the sequel to the original game, and the first of the Emperor's New Groove games. The game is set in time with the events of the original, with the player controlling the astrolabe as the Emperor sends his killer to kill a gang of thugs.

## Overview

The Emperor's New Groove 2 is a side-scrolling shoot 'em up, and the first of the Emperor's New Groove games. The game is set in the year 1350, and the player must destroy a gang of thugs by sending a salvo of salvo of salvo rockets at their heads. The player can wait to shoot them from the air, but they'll only move a few meters before exploding. The player can collect blue orbs to increase the amount of shots that can get out at a time.

The game features a special weapon, the Great Rocket Launcher, which can be used to kill opponents. The player has a limited number of rockets at their disposal, and the player can obtain them by killing opponents with the "Crazy Shot", the ability to shoot a lot of enemies at once. The Crazy Shot is used in order to increase the amount of bullets that can get out at a time, and more importantly, as a way to destroy enemies.

The game's mediocre graphics were the main reason why the game wasn't well received. The graphics were horrible, and the game's framerate is rather slow. The game's only redeeming quality is the fact that the player can collect many rockets and warheads in the game, and they can destroy their enemies.

The game features a large roster of heroes and villains, ranging from Muhammad Ali to Rocket Knight. The game also features a secret weapon, the Great Rocket Launcher. This is an ability that the player must use to destroy his enemies. The other main villain is Jet, who is a giant robot that is able to destroy entire cities.

## Gameplay

The game features a large arsenal of weapons, and the player is given a very high number of bullets per second. As a result, when a player starts the game, he is given a very large amount of bullets. A single bullet will destroy all enemies in the area, and even the enemies of the player's enemies. As the enemies are eliminated, the player will receive more bullets.
