# Warrior 2

The police force of the modern world has been around since the beginning of recorded history, and as one of the first police in this game, you're up against criminals and the criminals' minions to solve crimes and solve the world.

## Overview

Warrior 2 is a turn-based strategy game developed and published by THQ for the PC, Xbox, and PlayStation platforms.

The game is a sequel to the PC and Xbox versions of the game, but unlike the Xbox version, the game took the PC platform and expanded its depth by adding social responses, such as the ability to shuffle the squad and the ability to negotiate with prisoners.

In this game, players are given the task of solving crime. The problem is that you can't solve the crime unless you have the right people in the right place at the right time. In this game, the player can choose new people to add to the squad in any order they like, but they must choose and add to the squad manually from a list.

The game is a perfect clone of the classic SWAT games, and it's worth noting that the player is able to use his own gun, as well as that of his squadmates. The game is also a perfect template for Ubisoft's tactical shooting game, as the sniper mode is similar to the first game, but with the added twist of a trap that traps enemies in an area and requires the player to pick a specific location to attack.

## Gameplay

The gameplay of Warrior 2 is basically the same as that of its predecessors, which is that the player goes to a tavern, and uses a pistol to kill the bartender, and then moves to the next location and uses his weapon to kill the next target. He is able to maintain his position and objective within the area of attack, and is able to use the hostages to attack enemies.

The game is a mixture of the tactical shooting and hostage management, as the players need to make decisions for each situation. The hostage situation is the most complex, as the hostages are, for the most part, the targets of the player's sniper rifle. The player must make sure the hostages are safe, and that the hostage is the right person to save. The hostages are also the targets for the player's gun, if the player doesn't have a pistol, he can use his pistol instead.

The hostage situation is where the player can use the
[Next](162.md)