# King of Colosseum II

King of Colosseum II is the second part in the King of Colosseum series. It is known to players as King of Colosseum II in Japan.

The third and final part in the series, King of Colosseum II takes place in the real world setting of the 30 year history of the competition. The real world setting is New York City and the player is the "King of Colosseum", the only person to be able to claim the title of "King of Colosseum".

The game's story is told in a comic book style, reminiscent of the first two King of Colosseum games. The player is a new player to the game after a failed attempt in a previous game. The players goal is to prove their skill by beating the other players in succession.

The game's graphics were made by Sony Computer Entertainment and developed by Konami. The game also features a serious tone, as the player's adversaries are, well, formidable.

In addition to a ton of gameplay elements, the game also features real-time scoring and a substantial number of weapons for the player to choose from.

The game was released in July 1998.

## Gameplay

The game is a vertical shooter, and the player's primary goal is to kill enemies, as they will most likely be in the same group as the player. The player's ability to kill enemies is tied to their weapon, and that weapon's bestow of damage and range is determined by the weapon's stats.

The game has four weapons, all of which are unique weapons.

*   Bow: The Bow is a weapon that is unique to the game. It can fire a variety of arrows, and each arrow can kill enemies.

*   Rocket Launcher: The Rocket Launcher is a weapon that the player can pick up from a Skulls head. It can shoot rockets, and in the later levels of the game can be equipped with a more powerful version.

*   Hand Grenade: The Hand Grenade is a weapon that can be found through exploration, and each time a player finds a chest full of these, they are rewarded with more.

*   Shotgun: The Shotgun is a weapon that can be found through exploration, and each time a player finds a chest full of these, they are rewarded with
[Next](163.md)