# The Legend of the Mystical Ninja

An X-com clone, developed by a Japanese studio, the Legend of the Mystical Ninja takes place in a world where the human race has been defeated. The game's presentation is inspired by the Zelda series.

## Overview

The Legend of the Mystical Ninja is a second-person shooter with an emphasis on stealth and sneaking. The player is a ninja who must avoid enemies and sneak past traps to reach the objective. The game is a 3D shooter, heavily inspired by the Zelda series, and features an emphasis on stealth and sneaking.

## Gameplay

The game takes place in a 3D environment, with an emphasis on natural environments and leader-less stages, as well as more elaborate levels. The player must avoid obstacles and avoid the danger of a trap.

Another key aspect to the gameplay is that the player must avoid the attention of other members of the player's party. The player can use his ability to sneak by other members of the party, but if he does, he can be detected. It is up to the player to establish his space in the party.

The player must be careful when using his ninja skills. If he is a bit too aggressive, he can get himself killed. The player is encouraged to be more careful but also encouraged to have a more balanced ninja. He should not take too many hits as he can be hit by the enemy and die.

The game has a variety of traps. Traps include doors, barrels, chain-link fences, and special cases such as a fire pit. The player will have to enter a different area using the correct ninja.

## Enemies

### Enemies

*   Wizard

Wizard is the most common enemy in the game. He needs a lot of healing to heal at a decent rate, and he can be killed in one hit. Only weak-willed characters can be used as wizards.

*   Golem

The Golem is the weakest of the enemies. It has a very low attack and defense, and is extremely slow. It is the only enemy that can be killed with a bow and arrow.

*   Water Elemental

Water elemental is a small creature with a very slow movement speed and high attack. It is the most powerful among the enemies.

*   Golem

The Golem is the most powerful of all enemies.