
===

Yoshi's Woolly World 2

Yoshi's Woolly World 2 is a reimagining of the original Nintendo game for the Game Boy Advance. It was released in May of 2002 and features a new, very large and beautiful 3D environment. Yoshi's Woolly World 2 is a 2D platformer with platforming elements and the gameplay is similar to that of the original Yoshi's Woolly World. The player plays as Yoshi's personal assistant, who is tasked with following the path of the Yoshi, and eventually stopping the villain, who is looking to destroy the world.

The game is themed around the notorious 'Yoshi' legend, and is the second game in the series to be remade for the Nintendo DS, as well as the first of the franchise to be released on the Nintendo GameCube. In the game, the player has to follow the path of the Yoshi, solving different challenges as they progress through the game, finding hidden secret areas, and eventually befriending the Yoshi.  

The game is known for its beautifully rendered 3D graphics and the addition of a 3D perspective to the 2.5D environment, which allows the player to see the entire environment changing as the player moves, but is mostly in 2D.  

It was also the first game to use the 3D engine, called 'Yoshi Pro', which was similar in style to the likes of Mario and Sonic the Hedgehog.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
              Yoshi's Woolly World 2 was the first of the Game Boy Advance's 3D worlds to be given a 2D perspective, similar to the earlier Mario and Sonic games.   
   
   
                  Yoshi's Woolly World 2 was the first in the series to be released in Europe.    
   
                  Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon

Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon is the first of the Luigi's Mansion series, and the last in the Mario universe. It tells the story of Luigi and Princess Peach's quest to find the magical Dragon Balls, and how they have
