# Solo Wars

Solo Wars is the second game in the series, where you have your chance to do what the game is asking you to do.

## Overview

Solo Wars is a strategy game where you have to work together to defeat the evil Empire and their evil plans.

## Gameplay

The gameplay of Solo Wars is a mix of strategy and action, where you have to do what you are asked to do, which is to protect the Empire from the enemy and eliminate the enemy's alliances.

## Characters

There are six playable characters in Solo Wars including:

*   Shura
*     The Emperor
*   Gugade
*   Soa

## Gameplay

The main gameplay elements in Solo Wars are:

*   Trading

*   Strategy

Strategy is the essence of Solo Wars, where you have to build your army to the best of your ability, then you need to move it around in an attempt to defend your army from attacks.

The enemy attacks are ranged attacks and aimed at your highest priority targets.

### Design

In Solo Wars you have to decide on your troops from pre-made lists and build them to the best abilities, then you place them in the battlefield.

When in combat, you need to concentrate on your units, you cannot, for example, move your troops in and out of the cost of map space, which is passing up on enemy efforts to move them.

You can only afford to place your troops in areas where they can be used.

A unit can be sacrificed in order to gain more soldiers, or to gain the advantage of being in a large force, for instance to make a "Hail Mary" army.

To help you with your strategy you can choose to order your reinforcements and assign them to specific units.

You can also order your troops to attack, but this does not require any manpower.

You can also get units into the field through battle, but you must pay troops to be stationed in the field.

*   The Follower

In Solo Wars you can only have two followers at once, so you can only have one army at a time.

You can add to your army by killing your enemies, or in the case of an enemy unit, by attacking it
[Next](167.md)