# The Legend of Zelda:

The Legend of Zelda is an action game developed by Nintendo and published by Nintendo for Nintendo Entertainment System on February 1983 in North America, March 1983 in Japan, and April 1983 in Europe. It was the last in the series of platformers starring Link, the master of all magical arts. The Legend of Zelda is the first metroidvania game to feature a limited number of items in the form of boons, which can be obtained upon certain conditions.

The Legend of Zelda is the first in the series to be playable in a 3-D space, and it was the first in the series to feature a real-time 3-D environment, with a total of 23 levels. The game also featured a large number of items, including the magical sword, bombs, and earrings, as well as many bosses.

The Legend of Zelda's 3-D, RPG-like gameplay is very similar to the manual-based gameplay of later Zelda games in the series. Link must collect items, including boons, bombs, and items that can be used for various purposes, such as restoring health or raising the player's magic power.

Although the game was developed by Nintendo themselves, it was independently released by American publisher Midway. The game was eventually ported to the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1987, and later the Game Boy in 1992.

## Gameplay

The Legend of Zelda: The Legend of Zelda is a 3-D action game with a lot of items, including bombs, boons, swords, shields, and other items. Items are collected and used by the player and each item also has a special effect that is activated when used. Items can be placed on the map, which are then accessed by pressing a button. There is no inventory system, so items must be found and the player can only interact with them by representing those items in the beginning of the game. Items have special effects, such as boons, which raise the player's magic power and allow the player to use their magic in the same way the player does in other games. Unlike previous Zelda games, the player does not need to use the spell-casting keys to cast items, but rather Zelda's abilities are used to manipulate items. Items can also be used as currency to purchase items in the game.

When the player starts a new game, they are given an option of either a main character or a secondary character. The

[Next](172.md)