# The Legend of Dragoon

An RPG in the vein of Ultima, The Legend of Dragoon is a real-time strategy game in the vein of many other genre classics. Unlike many other strategy games of the time, The Legend of Dragoon features an open world, its grid-based map, and a variety of units to choose from.

## Overview

The Legend of Dragoon is an RPG in the vein of many other genre classics. It is an open world, real-time strategy game in the vein of Ultima III and Ultima IV. The game is set in the Chaldea system, a vast, built-up system of large cities. Each city has a population of some amount, and they are able to grow in numbers by building their own harbor and by recruiting the citizens of their city. Structures are constructed in the city and used by the city, including barracks, bridges, warehouses, and workshops.

Each weapon in the game has a variation of a type, depending on the type of unit it is used for, but they do not have to be the same weapon type. For example, the light sword can be used for damage on both short and long range, but it can only be used once per battle and can be used once in each combat turn.

The game is also very unforgiving, as it has to be balanced against the many units that it has to do. Each unit is a different class, and none of them are necessarily great, but they all have their own strengths and weaknesses.

The game is very tactical, as it is able to play out as both a tank and a fighter, depending on the terrain. The tank can move and attack, but cannot shoot, and the fighter can use magic and can attack, but cannot shoot. There are also special units used only by the tank, making the game more complex than other strategy games.

The game has a lot of units that can be combined to make powerful units, and they are represented in a grid in a fairly simple way.

The game is implemented in a variety of cuisines and in different settings.

### Medieval

The game has several units that are used in a variety of situations. The sword, for example, can be used to fight in the battlefield as a melee character, or a ranged character, or a wizard.

### Medieval

The game has several units