# Lana Del Rey: Sweet Dreams

Lana Del Rey: Sweet Dreams is a game that lets the player strike a pose or kill time by torturing the player. The game is very violent and beat da street life of Lana's childhood. The game was first released in 1992 on the PlayStation.

## Plot

In the game, Lana is late for work and the boss is Maxis. Lana's boss is looking at her work and she tells him to go to the office and start asking her about her work instead of talking to him about her work. She then explains that she likes to play dumb to shake the boss off.

Eventually, the boss comes to his senses and starts to work together with Lana and shows her the way. He then asks Lana to get out of his office and while she's in there he teaches her how to get out of her job to help save it.

## Gameplay

Sweet Dreams is very similar to many other games that the company released. The game is a beat-down, shoot-out-of-the-clock shoot-out action game. The game has a variety of different weapons and bullets. The player is trying to shoot the bosses in a certain order. The boss is a little green machine that has a gun-like weapon. It's a robot that you shoot to get a gun-like weapon.

There are many weapons in the game. The game has 2 guns to make:

*   Shotgun - The weapon is Lana's first weapon. It's a gun that's more capable than the shotgun. It's a crapload of bullets.

*   M1 Gatling gun - The weapon is Lana's second weapon. It's a more capable gun.

*   Rifle - The weapon is Lana's last weapon. It's a rifle that's capable of firing powerful rifle bullets.

The game has several different weapons to pick up. The game has 2 guns to make:

*   Handgun - The weapon is Lana's last weapon. It's a gun that's is more capable than the handgun.

The game has a lot of different weapons to pick up. The game has a couple of guns to make:

*   Shotgun - The weapon is Lana's second weapon. It's a gun that's capable of firing powerful shotgun bullets.

*   Rifle - The weapon

[Next](175.md)