
===
 Super Game Boy

Super Game Boy is a platformer for the Game Boy, released in 1989.

## Overview

Super Game Boy is a platformer developed and published by Virgin for the Game Boy. Its gameplay is similar to other platformers of the time, such as NES title Odyssey.

The game was released for the Game Boy on June 19th, 1990 for ¥300.

## Game Boy Color Ports

There are some differences between the Super Game Boy and Game Boy Color ports.

In the Game Boy Color port, players are able to choose between either a dash or a jump button. The Super Game Boy version has a camera, and a zoom and pan function.

The Super Game Boy version has a 3D shooter, which uses the Super Game Boy camera, as a 3D perspective camera. The Super Game Boy (released in Japan as Super Game and Super Game Boy) was published by Virgin in Japan, and developed by Virgin.

The Super Game Boy version was the last game in the Super Game Boy series. Unlike the NES version of Super Mario World, which was developed by Capcom, Super Game Boy is the last Super Game Boy title for the Super Nintendo. The Super Game Boy is often compared to the SNES version of Super Mario World, as it is an early game in the Super Game Boy series.

In the Super Game Boy port, the player can also choose between a spin and a jump function. The Super Game Boy version has a more realistic view of Super Mario World compared to other Super Game Boy games. The spin function, however, is not as accurate as the NES Super Game Boy, as it does not have a simple spin attack and can instead spin around the screen, but it still has the basic ability to jump. The Super Game Boy version has a more realistic perspective than the NES version, and the camera is more focused on the environment.

The Super Game Boy version was the last Super Game Boy game for the Game Boy. The Super Game Boy version was the last Super Game Boy game developed by Virgin.

## Game Shops

Super Game Boy is sold in most Game Boy shops. It is sold in the following stores:

*   Game World, Nintendo Land
*   Game Warehouse, Nintendo Land
*   Star Wars Lands
*   Mega Game Boy / Super Game Boy / Super Game Boy / Game Boy Color

