# Mahjong III

The third game in the Mahjong series released for the Nintendo DS in 2004. Mahjong III is a 3rd-person game in the Konami franchise that was developed by Irem and published by Konami. Mahjong III was the last in the Mahjong series to be released on the Nintendo DS, which was more than a decade after the original release.

The game features a more active player versus player strategy style. Players are now focused on finding as many points as possible in each stage. Players are encouraged to take advantage of the fact that the game is much faster paced. Players can also choose to make their moves faster and to use more "unseen moves" which are not visible to the player.

The game has a total of 21 stages, each of which has several options to choose from. Players have three different methods of attack in the game, where they attack with different weapons. The player can choose to use weapons such as daggers, swords, and bows. There are also several types of enemy; from a massive, to a tiny, to a small, and even a giant.

The game has a total of six different weapons; there is a pistol, a shotgun, a rifle, a rocket launcher, a rocket launcher, and a rocket launcher. Players have to use the weapon of choice, and the weapon of choice has a special function; when the player has a strong weapon at his disposal, he can use it to attack. Players can also choose to use the "double-jointed" attack; the double-jointed attack is a different attack than the normal attack. When the player has a strong weapon at his disposal, he can use it to attack. The enemy will also react to the player's weapon, and will try and attack, and sometimes even attack with the player.

The game does have a cooperative mode in Mahjong III. Players can play as one of several characters on the player's team. The player can choose from either a "tank" character and a "fighter" character. The tank character has the maximum health of the player, and the fighter has the maximum health of the team. When the player has the maximum health, he can use his special attacks, for a total of 23 special attacks.

The game features a total of six different weapons; there are 19 of each weapon type. There are also a number of different weapons of the same type in the

[Next](197.md)