Shark!

Shark! is a 3D side-scrolling shooter that is based on the 1986 film of the same name. It was released on the Sony PlayStation on October 26th, 1990 and later ported to the Nintendo Entertainment System (in Japan), Xbox (in Europe and North America) and the Game Boy Advance (in Japan).

The player controls a shark (Shark!), who must shoot and dispatch sharks to the sharks' lair. The game's final cutscene features a commentary from Konami's Motohiro Sakazaki, who also directed the film.

## Gameplay

Shark! is a 3D side-scrolling shooter. It is the first to use the "shooter" in the title. The games main weapon is the back-mounted pistol. The back-mounted pistol can be fired from a very long distance, and has a large caliber of bullets.

The game includes a large arsenal of weapons. Weapons can be purchased and upgraded at the start of the game. Some of the best weapons include:

*   Shotgun
*   Water Gun
*   Shotgun
*   Bottle Rocket launcher

Shark! was later ported to the Sony PlayStation, Xbox and the Nintendo Entertainment System. The game was released in the United States on November 17th, 1991.

## Sequel

Shark! 2: Shark! The Sequel was released on November 19th, 1995. It was developed by THQ, and published by Sierra Entertainment. The Sequel was published by THQ and Sierra Entertainment in Japan (on April 1995), and in Europe (by Sierra Entertainment) on August 1995.

## Characters

Shark! features a total of twenty playable characters, all of which are from the original Shark! game.

### Characters

*   Tula

  

### Weapons

  

### Weapons

*   Loud and Thundering: A powerful machine gun that can destroy entire waves of sharks.
*   Explosive: A powerful rocket launcher that fires a powerful dynamite projectile and can destroy entire waves of sharks.
*   Gator: A rocket launcher that fires a powerful dynamite projectile.
*   Fish Hook: A hook that can be used to catch fish, the hook can be used to grab fishing hooks and hook boats.
*   Dart Gun