# Ratchet & Clank

The first game in the series, developed by Hudson, in which you play as the titular Ratchet and Clank. You play as the titular Ratchet and Clank who have been sent back in time to the future to stop the evil Dr. Wily.

## Overview

Ratchet & Clank is a platformer released by Hudson in 1988. It is the first of the Hudson Dreamcast era releases and the first game in the series to have no gameplay mechanics whatsoever. The game is an attempt to make an open world game following the heroes of the Hudson era.

## Gameplay

The game is an open world, action platformer. It is an action platformer with open areas and extensive control. The game has an open world aspect that makes it difficult to maintain a good balance of power between health and health or health and health and gun.

The game does have a gun control element to it as well. You can shoot enemies by holding the trigger, but if you shoot an enemies head, the enemy will react in panic mode. You need to shoot the head as quickly as possible to get the head to jump from a higher position.

There are no inventory management or inventory management mechanics to speak of, which is a huge departure from the rest of the Zelda series. This is a game where you are not always able to retrieve items, but can use them at a certain rate.

The game has a lot of ammo, but the game is very unforgiving in terms of ammo depletion. You will often see enemies who will immediately run to you in a hurry, leading you to have to reload to avoid a bullet being fired at your back.

The game was famously criticized for being too unforgiving by critics. The bad reviews were as follows:

"This is the worst game of the Zelda series. I'm starting to wonder if it was a terrible idea to make such a violent and unforgiving game, since it seems to be a simple arena shooter, not a serious point and click adventure."

"I'm not sure how the developers could have made such a poorly written and poorly played game. It is a rather short, violent and highly unforgiving game. The two most important problems with the game are that it is very unforgiving and there is no inventory management system to speak of. The only way to use items is to equip them, but

[Next](203.md)