# Battlestations

Battlestations is a turn-based strategy game from the developer of Battletech. It was released on the Xbox and Playstation in 2001, and eventually brought the PC platform to the Sega Saturn and Nintendo Wii.

Battlestations is a turn-based strategy game developed by SEGA and published by Sega for the Xbox, Playstation, Game Boy Advance, and Sega Saturn in 2001. It was released on the Xbox in 2002, and later ported to the Sega Saturn and Nintendo Wii in 2005.

Battlestations was developed by SEGA for the Xbox, Playstation, Game Boy Advance, and Sega Saturn in 2001. It was developed by Team17 and published by Sega in Japan, Europe, and Japan in 2005.

## Gameplay

In Battlestations, the player controls a random army of soldiers in the game. The units are all either unit types, or units that are modular units. Units can be equipped with weapons, and can be upgraded to do different things, such as cavalry units can attack, infantry units can move, etc.

The units can be upgraded to move faster, and can be mounted, but they only take up one resource, although the player can have a lot of units and they will be able to move quickly, but they will still be under-powered, which means they won't move fast enough to be able to attack or defend, and they will be unable to retreat and make it to the enemy.

Each unit has to be built with a certain number of units, and the amount of units required to build the unit depends on the strategic situation. The player can build up units at the beginning of the game, and a certain number of units will be built, and building units is a very important part of the game.

Battlestations is a turn-based strategy game, and the units are all built with resources, and there are complex structures that are utilized for such purposes.

## Gameplay

Battlestations is a turn-based strategy game, and the units are all built with resources. Units can be upgraded to higher stats, and to higher levels of power. Units can be mounted, but they need to be taken up by another unit before they can be upgraded to the level of power, and they can only be upgraded to higher levels of power.

The units can be upgraded to higher levels of power,