Dark's End

Dark's End is a strategy game in which players assume the role of a knight looking to liberate the world of Darkness from the Dark Empire. The game was developed by LJN and published by General Laser in Europe, North America, and Japan.

## Overview

Dark's End is a strategy game developed by LJN and published by General Laser in Europe, North America, and Japan.

## Gameplay

### Main Characters

There are five main characters that can be played as:

*    



*    



*   



*  



*  



*  

*  

## Gameplay

Dark's End is a strategy game in which players assume the role of a knight looking to liberate the world of Darkness from the Dark Empire. The game is a late 20th century strategy game, and can be played either as an empire building, military, or industrial game.

## Gameplay

The game has many options for the player to choose from. In addition to the main options, there is also a number of minor and major options that the player can choose from.

*   - General: The General option gives the player a base of control and a number of units and buildings. It not only provides a large number of options, but also allows the player to control the army and army units. This option also allows the player to build faster, and therefore more efficiently.

*   - Industrial: The Industrial option gives the player a large number of buildings and units that can be built by the player. It gives the player a large number of buildings and units which can be built by the player. This option also allows the player to use more units without buying a large amount of buildings.

*   - Military: The Military option gives the player a large number of units and buildings for a large number of units and units. It gives the player a large number of units and buildings for a large number of units and units. This option also allows the player to build faster, and therefore more efficiently.

*   - Industrial: The Industrial option gives the player a large number of buildings and units that can be built by the player. It gives the player a large number of buildings and units which can be built by