
===
The First Encounter is a game that puts you in the shoes of a child who has been picked up by the evil wizard known as "The Wizard".

## Overview

The First Encounter is a game where the player is picked up by a tall, beautiful and very evil looking wizard, who wants to use the child to tap into the power of the evil wizard's castle. As the game progresses the player will come to learn more about the wizard and his evil plans, but first he will need to get rid of his son.

The game is set in a magical world where children are kidnapped and held in dungeons to be used to train the wizard's minions. The game consists of four levels, each level has its own theme, and the player must use their magic to solve a puzzle or go to a different destination of the game.

The game was released in the US in 1990, and the British in 1991. The game was later on released in Europe, Japan and North America.

## Gameplay

The First Encounter is a magic based game. The player can use their magic to create objects such as bridges, fireplaces or a crypt. The player can also use their magic to help solve puzzles such as going to a different destination of the game.

## Additional Info

The First Encounter was one of the very first wizards ever created, and the first game ever released.

The game was created by Richard Garriott, who was an animator for games such as Ultima Underworld and System of a Down.

The game was played as a live action movie by Michael Davis.

As of 2007, The First Encounter is known as the "Magician's Apprentice".

## Gameplay

The First Encounter is a "Magician's Apprentice" game where the player is offered magic by the wizard. The player must create magic objects by creating spells and potions.

Magic items are divided into three classes. Conjurers have a passive effect, which is invoked by spells and potions, and are able to create objects with their magic. Mages can be activated by using potions, and using magic items are limited to passive effects.

The player can create the objects in any order they choose. They can be made with any combination of spells and potions.

### Player characters

The player starts the game with a basic life bar. The player can create an additional life bar by using potions,
