Harpoon

Harpoon is an action-RPG from the makers of the famous Star Ocean games, and the sequel to the NES space shooter Star Ocean II.

## Story

The story is told through the perspective of the game's hero, who is a member of the 10th Armored Division, and a former commander of the 7th Fleet. A successful war veteran who serves as a sort of bridge between the planets in the game, the player has to coordinate his actions with the commander in order to reach the goals of the game.

## Gameplay

Harpoon is a space combat game. The player can move, shoot, jump, and shoot at his whim. The game employs a variety of shots for different elements of the battle.

The player can use a variety of weapons, some of which are ranged, some of which are melee. In addition, the player can use a variety of units and formations.

Harpoon has no projectile weapons or lance-mounted guns, but it does have a variety of other units, including 9-gun, AA, rocket launcher, grapple gun, anti-tank, and tank infantry.

## Gameplay

The game consists of a number of objectives, which are laid out in a roughly linear fashion.

One of the game's many features is its game-like progression system. The player can choose either to go through the story as a member of the 10th or by escaping to a planet.

There are also multiple shields, which the player can use to protect themselves from enemy fire, and speed.

The game's level design is a lot more tactical than the average space shooter. This is due to the fact that the player has to use many different units and formations, which the enemy will attempt to swarm. The player must make sure they are not too close to the target, which can mean firing at the wrong time, or shooting straight at an enemy.

Harpoon's gameplay is very tactical. In order to reach a goal, the player must select a number of formations, which are then used to move, shoot, and shoot. This is all explained in the manual, which is a gold mine of information, as one could learn quite a bit and still not get to the "real" goal.

## Game-play

Harpoon is a tactical space combat game. The player has