# Star Wars: Battlefront II

The sequel to Star Wars: Battlefront II, released on May 24th, 2018. The game features the same level editor as the original, but with a number of new features.

## Gameplay

The gameplay of Star Wars: Battlefront II is the same as the PlayStation 2 version. Players can move, shoot, and climb in a Star Wars style first person shooter.

The game is a first person shooter with a huge variety of weapons and enemies. The game is open world and features a simple objective to defeat each enemy.

## Story

The story in Star Wars: Battlefront II is very similar to that of the first game. The story is told from the beginning of the game, and is told to the player in the form of a flashback. There is no set time to travel through the story, but there are various planned locations for the player to travel to.

## Characters

The game features a very comprehensive roster of 14 playable characters. Each character has a base statistic, and the game will give the player stats. Each character also has a health bar. When the player dies, the player will be replaced by the player's replacement.

The game features a series of missions, where the player must fight off a variety of enemies. The player is able to pick up new weapons and gadgets as they are fought. The player can also purchase ships and equipment through missions.

## Weapons

The game includes a wide variety of weapons. Each weapon has a number of upgrades, from short range, to long range, but with a great variety of reload speed and accuracy.

The game is open world, on a very large scale. During the game, the player can fly to many locations on the map. This is done in a very similar game to Mario Kart, where the player can fly around. Some areas are restricted to use only vehicles, such as the Star Wars-themed planet Tatooine.

The game includes side-quests, where the player can go to various planets and locations. The player is able to go to a number of planets, and collect various objects. The game is a prequel to the films, and features a new enemy, the Jedi, who attempt to stop the destruction of the Jedi temple on Hoth.

The game also includes a card game, where players can use abilities to acquire power-
[Next](214.md)