# RPG

The RPG, which takes place in a post-apocalyptic Earth ravaged by the evil Baron Mordred, is a turn-based strategy RPG for the PC that was developed by Way-Back Machine.

## Overview

RPG is an RPG developed and published by Way-Back Machine for the PC platform. The game is a turn-based strategy RPG that is developed by Way-Back Machine and published by Bethesda Softworks. The game was released on August 10, 2004 in North America and August 24, 2004 in Europe.

The game is based on the critically acclaimed Bioshock series that was developed by Arkane Studios and published by Bethesda.

In the game, players control the mercenary known as "Dhalsim".

## Gameplay

The game contains 3 different types of battles, each with different strategies.

*   Onslaught: The players moves their units around the map, while simultaneously attacking and destroying the Baron's forces.

*   Freeze: The Baron's forces are frozen, and a large number of units are fired upon in order to attack and destroy the freezing units.

*   Control: The Baron's forces are destroyed, and the player moves his units around the map, as well as attack and destroying the units.

*   Counter: The players moves and attacks his enemy, and attempts to prevent him from attacking by placing his units in the correct location. At the end of the game, he wins the battle.

## Gameplay

The game is turn-based. The player cannot choose to start a new game, or to try a different strategy. The game is presented as a real-time strategy game, where players must manage their resources to make their units effective. There are many units to choose from, and the player may build several units at once.

The game has many units that can be used in different situations. There are the aforementioned "Baron's units", as well as a number of units that can be used to build units. The Baron's units include: armored fighting vehicles, armored vehicles, heavy artillery, armored troops, cavalry, infantry divisions, infantry divisions, cavalry divisions, artillery, infantry divisions, mortars, and infantry divisions.

The game has more than enough units to form a massive army, but there are no units to build. There are no buildings to build, and even more units