# Duke Nukem: Operation Wolf

After the successful success of the first Duke Nukem game, the developers were asked by the game's publisher Activision to make a sequel. The sequel was called Duke Nukem: Operation Wolf and would be released for the PlayStation in June of 1995.

The game featured the return of the iconic Duke Nukem. It also saw the expansion of the original game, giving the player more weapons, including a new shotgun, powerful mortar and rocket launcher, and the ability to use the flamethrower.

The game also features new levels, with much of the content moving around the world. The game was more story-driven, with the player taking control of Duke Nukem in a small hospital setting.

The game features Duke Nukem 3: Subsistence, a sub-par version of the game from the first game. The game features a host of new weapons, including the flame thrower, the rocket launcher and a new sub-machine gun.

It also features new aspects of the 3D engine, with more realistic lighting, and a massive amount of enemies. It was tested in the infamous "Nightmare" levels, and received a few awards.

The game was successful enough to receive a sequel, Operation Wolf 2. This game would see a number of modifications, including the re-skinned costumes, and the use of the Flame Thrower.

The game would not see the light of day, however, until 1999.

## Characters

*   Jack Bauer
*   Dominic Toretto
*   Nick Valentine
*   General Rodriguez
*   Lance Hunter
*   Sergeant Dwayne
*   Colonel Schofield
*   General Lee
*   Klaxon
*   Lt. Colonel Vickers



## Weapons

### Shotgun

*   Flamethrower
*   Grenade Launcher
*   Plasma Rifle

### Flamethrower

(   Flamethrower)

*   Flamethrower

(   Plasma Rifle)

### Grenades

*   Plasma Grenade

### Plasma Rifle

(   Plasma Rifle)

### Sub-Machine Gun

(   Plasma Rifle)

### Laser

(   Laser Rifle)

[Next](222.md)