# Get in the Car

Get in the Car is a Sega game published by Sega-AM2.

## Overview

Get in the Car is a racing game developed by Sega-AM2 and released by Sega for the Sega Saturn in December 1995.

The game takes place in the world of Get in the Car, where a team of motorists are tasked with getting in the car and driving away from the scene of an accident.

Get in the Car is a Sega game published by Sega-AM2 and released by Sega for the Sega Saturn in July 1995. It was released for the Sega Saturn in Japan on September 26th, 1995.

The game takes place in the world of Get in the Car, where a team of motorists are tasked with getting in the car and driving away from the scene of an accident. The player character is the player's driver.

The game was developed by                    Sega-AM2 and     Sega of America.

## Gameplay

Get in the Car has players driving through a variety of cities in the American Midland system in a variety of positions.

The player is driving in a car with the ability to drive on grass and dirt. The grass is difficult to drive on and the dirt is more difficult to drive on. The player must also steer the car to avoid obstacles.

The player is able to crash the car if they get too close to the car, however the player will only earn points if they are able to get out of the car and out of the accident.

Get in the car has the player driving around a city in a variety of vehicles.

The player is able to drive any vehicle that is equipped with the ability to drive on grass. The player is able to drive on any vehicle that is equipped with the ability to drive on dirt, however the player will only earn points if they are able to avoid the obstacles.

The player's vehicle has the ability to drive on dirt.

The player is able to control a modern car.

The car has the ability to move quicker than any other vehicle.

The car has the ability to move faster than the player.

The car is able to jump higher than any other vehicle.

The car is able to jump higher than the player.

The

[Next](225.md)