# Super Mario All-Stars

Super Mario All-Stars is a 2D platformer where Mario and Luigi must use their special powers and take on over 100 levels, each level consists of a series of mini-games for Mario and Luigi.

## Overview

Super Mario All-Stars is a platformer developed and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (in Japan) and Game Boy Advance (in America) in 1997. It was then ported to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (in Europe) in 1998. In 2000, Super Mario All-Stars was released for the PlayStation 3 and Nintendo Wii.

In Super Mario All-Stars, Mario and Luigi must use their special powers to defeat enemies and complete levels, with each level requiring the player to use their abilities in a different way.

The game features many game variations, including secret levels, boss fights, and bonus features. Along with the game's secret levels, there are hidden bonus features.

The game was later ported to the Sega Dreamcast in 2006 (in Japan, in April 2007). In 2007, Super Mario All-Stars: Super Mario Galaxy was released for the PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch.

## Gameplay

Super Mario All-Stars features a variety of game specific challenges. For example, the player must avoid enemies, collect coins, collect power-ups, and the like.

However, the game's gameplay is not all about combat and explosive platforming. The game's gameplay is more about collecting, grouping and releasing power-ups.

There are three main categories of power-ups, called "Saves", "Attacks", and "Stalls". In each category, Mario and Luigi must use their powers to defeat enemies, like in other games.

Some of the save/attack/stalls power-ups can come in handy in certain situations, such as finishing in small groups, using them to board an enemy, and to save Mario or Luigi (by collecting coins).

For the Super Mario All-Stars: Super Mario Galaxy, the player has to use their powers to navigate a giant, maze-like stage with a number of enemies.

## Gameplay

Super Mario All-Stars is a platformer that is very similar to the Super Mario Bros. series. The player can use Mario's special abilities to defeat enemies and progress.

The game features many item-based gameplay mechanics,