# Sekiwake

An arcade game for the Dreamcast, Sekiwake by "Happyo" is a side-scrolling action game with the objective to get the top-score of a scrolling stage.

## Overview

Sekiwake is an action game developed and published by Happyo for the Game Boy Advance on August 9th 2005.

Sekiwake is a side-scrolling action game which follows the hero as he attempts to collect every possible power-up by collecting items which can be used to enhance his gameplay. The player can find the items by collecting the different colored eggs scattered in the level.

The player can use items such as the power-up, which is used to raise his stats and movement, or the star to which the player must bounce the balls at the enemy.

## Nintendo Wii Version

Sekiwake for Game Boy Advance was published by Happyo on October 2000, and released for the Nintendo Wii on December 1st 2001.

The game featured a simplistic gameplay similar to similar games in the Mario franchise, with the player moving around and collecting "eggs" to grow stronger and gain the ability to use items in the game. The game also featured a simple goal of making the highest score possible.

## Gameplay

Sekiwake's gameplay is very simple. The player jumps in space to collect egg-eggs, which will get longer the higher he goes. The player can try to dodge the enemy in order to avoid being hit by their attack. If the player is hit, he can bounce off the enemy, move around the stage to find the next egg, and continue to attempt to reach the top of the screen.

Sekiwake features a variety of different objects. There are yellow bananas, which the player has to collect in order to grow stronger and able to use items. There are red bananas, which the player has to collect in order to grow stronger and able to use items. There are green bananas, which the player has to collect in order to grow stronger and able to use items. There are yellow eggs, which the player must be careful because if hit, all the eggs will be destroyed.

There are many different weapons to find the player. The player must collect the correct number of eggs and red bananas.

There are many item to find the player. He must collect the correct number of
[Next](233.md)