The Legend of Zelda - The World of Adventures

The Legend of Zelda is a Zelda game and its main characters are Link, Zelda, and Princess Zelda.

## Overview

The Legend of Zelda is a free-to-play fantasy-game developed by NTT Docomo and published by Nintendo. Featuring a number of different characters, including Link, Zelda, and Princess Zelda, The Legend of Zelda: The World of Adventures is the first game in the series to be released online.

The plot involves a mysterious legend of the Goddess of Time (also known as Zelda) who is in need of rescuing. Link and his partner, Zelda, decide to travel to a mysterious land called Hyrule Castle to rescue Princess Zelda and Hyrule.

## Gameplay

The game is mostly a Zelda clone, featuring a number of items, enemies, and dungeons. The game is more of a Zelda clone. Link dons a sword, the same sword that Link is able to wield in The Legend of Zelda series, and Zelda uses a shield. Both Zelda and Link travel through a set of dungeons, only puzzles are present in the game.

The game also features items, including the ability to summon the Hero of Time, a type of ally Link must find. There are also monsters, who are able to use their attacks and abilities in a lot of ways. Link has an ability to absorb enemies and heal himself, by absorbing the monster's power. Link is able to absorb enemies and heal himself, by absorbing the monster's power.

The game also has many of the same dungeons in the Legend of Zelda series, most of them are dungeons and chambers, but also have items, like the bow, the sword, the shield, and the sword again. The game is more of a Zelda clone, and the dungeons are much larger, more open, and more challenging.

## Characters

The game features the following characters, all of them have their own individual stories to tell.

*   Link - Link is the main hero of the game. He has the ability to absorb enemies and heal himself.
*   Princess Zelda - Princess Zelda is the game's hero, and Zelda's daughter.
*   Link - The Hero of Time, the Hero's grandson.
*   Princess Zelda - The hero's granddaughter, Zelda's daughter.
*   Aizoka - Aizoka is the