
===
   Black Knight

A brutal arcade game with a cel-shaded graphical style, this is the sequel to the 1991 release of the original Black Knight.

## Overview

Black Knight is a command-oriented game developed and published by SEGA for the Famicom platform.

In Black Knight, players are in control of a knight who must eliminate as many enemies as possible. The game is very similar to the early Panzer Dragoon games, in the sense that the player has to hit the enemy with a wide variety of attacks, and the enemy can't attack back at all. There are many weapons like cannons and guns, but they can only fire in one direction, and the player must use this ability to attack on the other side.

The game has a lot of weapons to deal with, from the sword to the lance, but weapons have a lack in quantity, and are usually used to get around in order to reach the enemy. When a knight is able to get past the enemy, he or she may use a special attack to damage the enemy and then attack, but normally attacking will only cause the enemy to become a tougher enemy and the player will have to attack again.

The game has a lot of weapons to deal with, including the sword, but most of them are in the form of a single weapon, and will be used to attack the enemy. The player can also use a combination of weapons to attack enemies, and there are a number of special attacks that the knight can perform, which can deal damage in a wide variety of areas.

The game has a very dark plot, and the game's plot is based around the death of a knight, and the resurrection of the dead knight. The same knight who was killed, reappears and is revived as Black Knight. The player has to go through various areas, and gather various items to defeat enemies.

## Gameplay

The game is very similar to the Panzer Dragoon series, in that the player has to use the knight's special abilities to deal damage, which the enemy can't attack back at all.

The game is very realistic, with a lot of weapons that can attack the enemy, and the default weapons are used to deal damage. There are also a lot of items to collect, such as shields, helmets, and armor.

The game is very tactical, and trying to defend the player's position, and
