
===
Amarut Family: A.K.A. A2

Amarut Family: A.K.A. A2 is the third game in the A2 family of shooters. It's an action game developed by Sega and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn in 1993.

Amarut Family: A.K.A. A2 is the third game in the A2 family of shooters. It's an action game developed by Sega and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn in 1993. A.K.A. A2 is a spin-off of the A2 family of shooters including A2: Rising Star and A2: The Great Escape. It was released on the Nintendo Virtual Console and Wii U Virtual Console for Wii U. It was the first game to feature a 2D scrolling shooter gameplay similar to shooters like Duke Nukem or Virtua Fighter. It was also the first true open world shooter.

## Gameplay

Amarut Family: A.K.A. A2 features a vertical shooting gallery in which the player can choose which gun or weapon to use. Once the gun is selected, the player can move around the screen to aim at enemies with the aiming and firing mechanism. This is done with the fire button and the one button that controls the gun's aiming. The weapon can be aimed by pressing the fire button and the gun's firing mechanism, and the game is a fast-paced shooter. The player can shoot things with his gun, but he can't shoot things with his hands. Gun fights are "hidden" so if the player is able to successfully hit the target, the nearest gun will automatically "shoot" the target. This is done using the "shoot" button, which is a portal gun that fires back at the player. The player has to carefully aim the portal gun's fire and the player must first pick up the portal gun's ammunition to constantly reload.

The player can move up to four portals, which are reloaded with the same ammo but with different increasing distances. Each portal has an ammo bar that shows how many bullets; this ammo comes in two sizes:

*   Bullets - The bigger the ammo, the faster the gun shoots.
*   Bullets - The smaller the ammo, the slower the gun shoots.

The ammo bar is also marked with a green "t", which indicates that the bullet has been shot. The player
