# The Supreme Commander

2/15/2000

3D Galaxies

The Supreme Commander is a real-time strategy game that features tactical combat and a futuristic turn-based sci-fi setting. It was developed by T&E Soft and published by                                                 

## Gameplay

The Supreme Commander is a real-time strategy game where the player can take part in units of up to three units and either rebuild or upgrade them to take the force through the missions and defeat the enemy forces. The game begins with the player having gathered an army of about ten units. The goal of the game is to build up an army of units and then deal with the enemy forces. The player can either build units from the start or gain units from some other means, such as gathering resources, building cities or conquering an enemy city.

The game is a real-time strategy game in which the player must attack the enemy forces and defend his own forces. The player can either attack the enemy cities with units or protect them with units. If a city is attacked, units of the player's units will attack it. If a unit is protected, units of the player's units will attack it. In addition, there is a suppression system that will allow units to attack the enemy's forces and defend the only units that are allowed to attack their own forces.

The game is a real-time strategy game in which the player must be very careful to build up an army of units at a time. The unit are given a number of uses, such as building units (such as tanks or guns), building units (such as buildings), building economic units (such as factories), building agricultural units (such as farms or farms), building barracks, and building X units. Each of these uses is used by a number of units. Each of these uses has a cost. $0.50 in the world of game is the unit cost for a single unit and $5 is the cost for a whole army of units.

The game is a real-time strategy game. The player is given the ability to build a large army of units or build a small army of units. There is an option to build the units on