# Rockets: Revenge of the Khord

Taking place in the year 2013, the game follows protagonist                                                                                                                                    Rockets: Revenge of the Khord is a side-scrolling shoot 'em up with a giant rocket that you control in the air. The game features an impressive roster of 11 heroes represented by 11 different characters.

## Gameplay

The game is shooting and fighting with a variety of rockets. Players will need to utilize the rocket's wide range and powerful firepower to take out their enemies. Rockets can be fired at any height and the rockets can also be shot down. Rockets are very effective against certain enemies. Most of the enemies will take a heavy blow and the player's rocket can then take advantage of this and maneuver your rocket to avoid the attack. Players can use their rocket's powerful firepower to try and knock down the enemy as well as destroy their rocket. Rockets range from a powerful rocket to a slow and trepidatious rocket. The game also features an arsenal of rockets. Every rocket has an upgrades and when an upgrade is used it is upgraded and can be used in a variety of ways.

*   50 rockets - Rockets have a very powerful ranged attack
*   medium rockets - Rockets have a slow and trepidatious rocket
*   rocket launchers - Rockets have a powerful and fast ranged attack
*   rockets - Rockets have a strong rocket attack
*   rockets - Rockets have a powerful rocket attack
*   rockets - Rockets have a strong rocket attack

### Enemies

### Enemies

The enemies are the main enemies in the game. There are many enemies, each with their own specialties and abilities.

###    Travelers

Travelers are the main threat to the player and the player can get stuck