
===
Lumines

A puzzle game set in a time travel prison, the player must use a set of three gears to make themselves a free man, but are they really free?

## Overview

Lumines is a puzzle game developed and published by Accolade for the PlayStation platform. It was released on March 31, 1998 and was the first game in the series to be released in the US. It was the first puzzle game to feature a fully 3D world that could be visited during gameplay in real-time. The game was also the first mystery game to use the PlayStation Network, as well as the first game to have multiple endings and puzzles.

The game was released on the PlayStation Network on September 30, 2000. It was the sequel to the original game, but was released on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.

The game was released in Europe, North America, and Australia on June 18, 2018.

## Gameplay

Lumines is a puzzle game where the player must navigate a prison environment that is based around the player's ability to make straight-line and curved gears. Each of the three gears within the game could be made to either a straight or a curved mode. Each of the three gears would then have different levels and a different set of objects. The player could solve the puzzle and move on to the next one.

The player could end the game by being arrested or executed and be sent to prison. The player could change to prison manager to become the head of a prison that they could control their time-traveling prisoner.

There are a total of six different prisons in the game and each prison could have various objects that the player needs to collect to progress to the next one.

### Prison Level

The prison level is the first level that the player will encounter. Prisoners would have to collect various items to progress to the next one.

### Prison Object

The prison object is the player's way of getting through the prison. They would have to collect riddles and clues as well as items to progress to the next one.

### Prison Level 2

The prison level is the second level that the player will encounter. Prisoners would have to collect items to progress to the next one.

### Prison Level 3

The prison level is the final level that the player will encounter. Prisoners would have to collect items to progress
