
===
Duck Dynasty

Duck Dynasty is a top-down 2D game that lets players go down the rabbit hole as a proud marine who is out to save his wife from a shark. The game is a homage to the classic video game, Duck Hunt. The game lets players find all the hidden items to solve a variety of puzzles and earn experience. Each puzzle has an element that can be used to take the player to the next level.

The player can choose to do the right thing and save his wife, or he can do the wrong thing and save his wife. The game is over if the player can't find a solution for a given problem. The game is very simple and it's easy to understand how the game works. The game is a simple side-scrolling shooter with a turn-based strategy element. With the player's ship being the only ship in the game, players can equip the ship with guns, a shield, and a variety of other items to help in combat. In order to acquire these items, players must either buy them from a merchant or collect them by solving puzzles.

The game is a classic example of a game that doesn't have to be a direct competitor with other shooters. The game is a great example of making use of the extremely limited resources in the game, and the player has to make use of them to gain their goals.

## Gameplay

The game is a simple shooter with damage and damage type based weapons. The game is very simple, but gives tons of options for missions that involve getting into a variety of situations, and doing a variety of tasks.

## Enemies

Since the game is single player only, there are few enemies that the player needs to worry about. However, the game does have a few enemies that the player needs to face. These are:

*   An enemy that is hiding on the map. These enemies are the ones that will attack the player.
*   The enemy who is shooting the player's ship. The player must shoot the enemy to keep them from shooting the player.
*   The enemy that is on the top of the screen. These are the enemy the player must shoot first.
*   The enemy wearing the pirate mask. These are the enemy the player must shoot first.
*   The enemy who is doing the pirate thing. These are the enemy the player must shoot first.

