# The Cavern of the Dead

The Cavern of the Dead is an inherent third person survival horror game. It was released in September of 2003. It was developed by Samba Interactive and published by Sega.

## Overview

The Cavern of the Dead is an inherently survival horror game developed and published by Samba Interactive.

## Gameplay

The Cavern of the Dead is a third person survival horror game. It's initially a first person shooter and later a third person action game. It is a classic, that being the first two games in the series in which the player was the only character.

The game is a mix of survival horror, adventure, and an RPG.

## Enemies

The Cavern of the Dead features many enemies that have been either killed or are still having their heads chopped off. Some of these are:

*   Ghosts
*   Zombies
*   Dwarves
*   Skeletons
*   Goblins
*   Zombies
*   Demons
*   Goblins (who are much stronger than humans)

The game's enemies are typically human or a human-like humanoid.

The game uses a combination of melee attacks and explosive weaponry.

## Weapons

As the name suggests, the game features a variety of weapons including:

*   Shotguns
*   Machine Guns
*   Shotguns
*   Assault Rifles
*   Anti-Army Grenades

The game also features a variety of lasers.

## Traps

The game features several traps that are designed to trap the player.

*   Skeleton

*   Skeleton
*   Pit (pits are designed to trap the player)

*   Whiplash

## Enemies

The game includes several enemies that are stronger than humans and are using their head-butts to crush the player. These are:

*   Skeletons
*   Zombies
*   Dwarves
*   Goblins

## Game Over

The game relies heavily on the player's ability to survive and find a way to get out of the caves. This is accomplished through various levels.

#### Level 1

The player explores a cave system as the game's primary antagonist, the Necromancer. The player is

[Next](248.md)