Mega Man Legacy Collection 2

Mega Man Legacy Collection 2 is the sequel to Capcom's Mega Man Legacy Collection. It was released on PC and PlayStation in 2001, 2002, and 2003.

## Overview

Mega Man Legacy Collection 2 is the second game in Capcom's Mega Man Legacy Collection series. The game's gameplay is the same as the first game, but it features many remastered levels from the original Mega Man series. Each level has several weapons and items that are only available in certain areas.

## Gameplay

The game is a straightforward platformer, where players must create a Mega Man clone by creating weapons and repairing robots. The game is not as complex as the first game. Each robot has a gun, a knife, a punch, and a laser cannon. The player must then use the gun and laser cannon to fight enemies. Each enemy has a healthbar. The player must shoot and shoot the enemy in order to destroy the healthbar.

Other than that, there is the Mega Man clone ability. The clone can do in order to complete certain tasks. These tasks are randomly generated. One task for example is collecting the hidden secret weapon. This is random and it will happen. This is when the clone goes into the secret area.

## Characters

The game includes three characters from the Mega Man franchise. The first is Ken, who is the main antagonist in the game. Ken can use all the weapons in the game. The second character is the robot, Zephiel. Zephiel can use all the weapons, but he is weak to all weapons. The last character is the final boss, Zeff. Zeff can use all the weapons, but he is weak to all weapons.

## Weapons

There are three weapons in Mega Man Legacy Collection 2. There are two of each weapon in the game. To create a clone you must gather a variety of weapons. The weapons are:

*   Blade: This is the weapon that the player uses to create a new clone. In the first mission, you must gather four of these. The next mission is to assemble them all.
*   Plasma Gun: This is the weapon that the player uses to create a new clone. In the first mission, you must gather four of these. The next mission is to assemble them all.
*   Shotgun: This is the weapon that the player uses to create