# Dwarven Kingdoms

Dwarven Kingdoms is a roguelike, and also the title of a novel. What makes Dwarven Kingdoms unique is its procedurally generated dungeon-crawler style combat.

## Overview

Dwarven Kingdoms is a procedurally-generated dungeon crawler dungeon-crawler from author John Romero, and is also the title of a novel by Ursula K. Le Guin. The game was originally published in 2000 by Sierra Entertainment, and was perhaps the first procedural dungeon-crawler on the PlayStation. The game is a bit more than an RPG, though. In the game, the player is given the task of finding and defeating certain monsters that will put them in an epic battle against an evil wizard. After defeating the wizard, the player is then transported into a procedurally-generated dungeon-crawler style combat system, where the player must collect various items, including armor, weapons, and armor sets, in order to defeat enemies and win the game.

## Sequel

The sequel was released in 2006 for the PC, Mac, and iOS. The game features the same gameplay as the original, but with new boss monster, enhanced graphics, and more.

## Battle

Like in the original, the players are given a dungeon-crawler style combat system, and are tasked with finding and defeating enemies. Dungeons are procedurally-generated, and multiple monsters can be encountered, with the emphasis being on killing them all and getting the loot. As the levels open up, each monster has a different set of stats and stats for combat, and will drop various items in the way.

The game has several levels and bosses, and each boss has its own set of items and abilities. The game is very dungeon-crawler-esque, and features many random encounters and situations, but also requires the player to go to a certain point in the game. The game also features a strong weapons system, with a wide variety of weapons.

## Monster Types

### Physical

*   Weapons:

*   Axe:

*   Staff:

*   Sword:

### Magical

*   Magic:

*   Bow:

### Magic

*   Chariot:

*   Bow:

### Other

*   Weapon:

*