# It's a Hot in Tokyo!

Every summer in Tokyo, there's a beach popular with the locals. It's a hot in Tokyo!

## Overview

Hot in Tokyo! is a side scrolling action game developed by Star Fish Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation.

## Gameplay

Hot in Japan! is a side scrolling action game developed by Star Fish Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation.

Like many other side scrolling games, Hot in Japan! is a side scrolling game with a different type of gameplay.

The player must collect the various items throughout the game, and also must fight various enemies. Some enemies are weak and will attack the player, but some enemies are stronger and will attack the player.

The game also has other elements that are important to the player; for example, if the player has a bomb, the player must use the bomb to attack, and also the bomb will explode.

The player is given various items throughout the game such as the most important items the player will need to do during the game.

## Weapons

### Common Weapons

The weapons used in Hot in Tokyo! are the same as the Playstation. The cool thing about this is that the player can carry up to four weapons at a time.

### Unique Weapons

The unique weapons in Hot in Tokyo! are the Dust Devil, the Tank, and the Gun.

The unique weapons in the game are the Gun, the Tank, and the Dust Devil.

### Weapons

The different weapons within Hot in Tokyo! all have different properties and can be used to get different results.

### Tank

The Tank is the most common weapon in Hot in Japan!

### Tank

The Tank is the most common weapon in Hot in Japan!

### Dust Devil

The Dust Devil is the weapon of the Hot in Japan!

The Dust Devil is the weapon of the Hot in Japan!

### Tank

The Tank is the most common weapon in Hot in Japan!

### Tank

The Tank is the most common weapon in Hot in Japan!

### Gun

The Gun is the weapon used to activate the other unique weapons.

### Tank

The Tank is the most common weapon in Hot in Japan!

### Tank

The Tank is the most common