# The Legend of the Dragoon

The Legend of the Dragoon is an action-platformer in the vein of classic platformers. Players are in control of a Dragoon, a ranger who should not be confused with the human Dingo. The player must travel to each of the four Seasons in order to defeat the evil Dragoon king.

## Overview

The Legend of the Dragoon is an action-platformer developed by the Ninja Gaiden Team and published by Kemco on November 11, 1996.

Players are, in this game, Dingo, a ranger who can teleport to any other object in the game using the directional pad. The game is broken into three parts: the first part is the Adventure, which is an open world exploration at the beginning. The second part is the Gathering, where you collect various items and items can be used in the game's plot. The final part is the Ritual, where you perform various rituals. The game also has a battle system, where you go up against your opponents in a number of combat situations.

The game is more action-oriented and features more damage, magic and equipment at your disposal than most action-adventure games of the time. Some of the items include:

*   Honey - A valuable ingredient, you must use your knowledge of healing to use as much of this as you can.
*   Tent - This is the first item you can drop after the initial gathering.
*   Magic - A magical wand, a wand that is able to destroy, heal or curse monsters.

In addition, the game offers a number of items that help the player to make the journey:

*   Keys - These are the player's access to a number of areas in the game. After gathering three of these, you will be able to travel to the temple of the Dragoon.

*   Water - The game's most basic resource, you must make your way to each of the four Seasons in order to defeat the king of the evil Dragoon. Each season, each of the four seasons have different monsters, and some items that help you defeat them.

*   Treasure - These are the game's treasure, and it is the player's job to make them disappear. Sometimes, the player will encounter a monster that is too big to kill, although that monster can still be killed, and the player's job

[Next](260.md)