# Shining Star (1989, Sega)

Shining Star is a side-scrolling shoot 'em up from the late 90s. It is the first game in the Shining Star series that was not developed by Sega themselves.  
  
Shining Star had several graphical upgrades over its Sega counterpart such as a higher resolution, better lighting and particle effects.  
  
  

## Gameplay   

The gameplay will take you through a variety of levels and scenarios. The player must shoot down enemy ships, destroy enemy ships and destroy the enemy headquarters.   
  

## Enemies   

The player loads a weapon that is held in the middle of the screen which is either a laser, a gun, a missile or an anti-missile. The player must be careful as an enemy ship will go into a safety mode as the player is trying to aim.   
  

## Weapons    

The player can only have one weapon at a time.  
  
The player can only pick up a single bullet per level.  
  
The player can only carry a maximum of two weapons at a time.  
  
The player is also limited to the two guns which are the Laser and Missile.     
  
The player can only carry up to four weapons at a time.  

### Missile Weapons   

*   Laser  
*   Missile 

### Missile Launcher  

*   Laser
*   Missile Launcher

## Gameplay    

The player must shoot the ship to destroy it. The player must be careful though as an enemy ship will try to grab the player before he is shot.   
  

## Weapons   

*   Laser
*   Missile
*   Missile Launcher
*   Laser
*   Missile Launcher

## Characters  

#### Cyborg     

#### Jack

*   Jack
*   Jack
*   Jack
*   Jack
*   Jack

#### Captain

*   Captain

#### Dr. Devil

*   Dr. Devil

[Next](267.md)