# X-Men: Wolverine

In the beginning of the game, X-Men Wolverine is getting ready to go to the gym and his trainer gives him a note from the future telling him to go to the planet Omega, while he's in it. Wolverine is now the master of the jetpack, but he soon finds himself in a complex biological research facility where he is tasked with finding three different mutants. He must find the three mutants and bring each of them to the facility to save the planet.

## Gameplay

X-Men: Wolverine is a first-person shooter with a lot of moving parts. The player has to use the jetpack to traverse the levels as Wolverine, zoom in on enemies, and make sure he's not shot by an enemy. As a mutant, Wolverine's only weapon is a pistol, so he can't rely on his rifle at all times.

The game's levels have to be completed with a total of seven mutants, three of which are the special types. The player must bring the mutant back to the facility to complete the mission, and the other three mutants are there to assist the player. Once Wolverine is done, he'll have a power-up, which increases his ability to breathe underwater. This is where the game gets a little bit complex and difficult. The player must shoot down floating bomb-like enemies and save the mutant, thus completing the level, but the alien will then destroy the facility and Wolverine will have to carry the mutant's body underwater.

Weapon upgrades are rewarded as time goes on, and the player is in a much more sophisticated environment and the alien's power-ups are much more powerful. The alien, for instance, can now shoot energy balls (the mutant's strength is not increased) and he also becomes a much bigger target. The player must shoot aliens with the jetpack and the alien's power-ups are much more powerful. The alien cannot attack Wolverine, but he still has a range of bullet-like shots. The alien's attacks can be dodged or blocked, but Wolverine is not dead. The alien can still use his rocket launcher, which is much faster than the jetpack's speed, but no longer has the ability to fire energy balls that the jetpack has. The alien can still use its grenade launcher, but it has to be charged up first. The alien's grenades can be detonated, however, but they are much easier to miss.

Mutant
[Next](268.md)