# S.H.I.E.L.D.: The Game

S.H.I.E.L.D.: The Game is a side-scrolling shoot 'em up, and is the sequel to the S.H.I.E.L.D. series, of which S.H.I.E.L.D. was the first game to have a complete overhaul. This time around, the player has a much better gun, a much more powerful ally, and the ability to make use of the abilities of several of the S.H.I.E.L.D.-related tech. It won't be long until the S.H.I.E.L.D. program is able to work with the S.H.I.E.L.D. virus, but for now the player has to keep an eye out for enemies as he seeks to stop the S.H.I.E.L.D. virus.

The game has a similar storyline to the first S.H.I.E.L.D., with a few changes. The main difference being that the player now has to stop the S.H.I.E.L.D. virus before it can spread across the world. The player is in control of a S.H.I.E.L.D. unit capable of a few actions, which can include moving, shooting, and shooting. The player is only as strong as his ally. The player can only do one of the following: shoot, shoot, shoot, or shoot again.

The game is divided up into several stages. The first stage is the end, where the player must make his way to the end of each stage to stop the S.H.I.E.L.D. virus from spreading. The game is divided up into several stages. The first stage is the end, where the player must make his way to the end of each stage to stop the S.H.I.E.L.D. virus from spreading. The game is divided up into several stages. The first stage is the end, where the player must make his way to the end of each stage to stop the S.H.I.E.L.D. virus from spreading. The game is divided up into several stages. The first stage is the end, where the player must make his

[Next](270.md)