# World at War II

World at War II is a 2D strategy RPG set in a post-apocalyptic Europe. Players take control of a mercenary, named Georges, and attempt to make a name for himself in the world by capturing and holding enemy cities.

## Overview

World at War II is a 2.5D strategy RPG. Players play as Georges, who is a mercenary who has been recruited by the German government. Georges is a young soldier on the edge of his career and has a young wife for company.   
  

The game has a world map (called the Panorama) where you can see your team's positions and movement. You can also see your enemy's positions and movement.  
 

## Gameplay

World at War II is a tactical RPG, and it utilises strategy elements. The game is broken up into levels, which are designed to be encountered, usually as the team is attempting to capture a town or castle.  
   The player is tasked with capturing various buildings and cities to gain more positions.  
    Viewing the Panorama is the player's main focus. There are no other resources to capture and as such, capturing a city is important.   
   The player can attempt to acquire men and resources by doing various tasks, such as capturing the town's people, building structures and collecting the fruits of the town's labour.  
  

## Game Mechanics

The player is tasked with capturing cities and castles. If the player is successful during the capture, the player will be rewarded with more positions and rewards. Each unit of a city is equipped with a weapon, and some type of armour. A player who is successful in capturing a castle and holding the city, he will earn more credits.  
   A player can also defeat enemies by attacking them, usually by fighting on the backs of their enemies. After the battle is over, the player will be rewarded with rewards. The player can collect the rewards of the battle by capturing a set number of buildings and capturing more positions in the process.  
   The player can also use the help of mercenaries to gain positions. These mercenaries are to assist the player and help him gain resources and points.  
   The mercenaries are to help the player, and they will assist the player with their