
===
Mega Man X6: Time Reel

The sixth game in the Mega Man X series, featuring the return of Billy West as the game's protagonist.

## Overview

Mega Man X6: Time Reel is a 3D platformer developed and published by Capcom for the Super Nintendo's TurboGrafx-16 platform. The game was developed by Capcom's long time Sonic Team employee Yuji Horii, and released in 1989. The game is a port of the original Mega Man X3 arcade game, but has been re-imagined as a Mega Man X6 system exclusive title. Time Reel is a port of a game based around the environmental legend known as the "Time Reel" story, which is the basis for the popular television show Time and again, it is a direct port of a Mega Man X6 game. Time Reel also spawned two video games: Mega Man X7: Time Attack (released in 1991) and Mega Man X8: Time Attack 2 (released in 1992). Time Reel is the sixth game in the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers franchise, and the last of the original Mega Man X series. Time Reel's main gameplay focus is the appearance of time travel. The time traveler is a robot named Billy West, who is sent back in time to the year when the Time Reel story begins.

## Major Changes from Mega Man X6

Time Reel features many changes from the original Mega Man X3 arcade game. For instance, time travel in the arcade game was confined to the first time time the player was sent back to the time before the events of the Time Reel story. Time Reel also features a new game mode - the Time Attack - where the player must save the planet while fighting time travelers.

Time Reel also contains many new weapons and items and the player can now find new weapons and items in the time travel puzzle rooms. The weapons are also much better and have a much greater variety of uses. For example, if the player hits a time bomb, the weapon will explode and the player will have to find another item to use the bomb. Time Reel also features a new and powerful weapon - the "time rifle".

## Plot

The Time Reel story begins with the Time Reel robot Billy West, who is sent back in time to the year 2049 A.D.

Billy West is sent back in time to Earth
