# The Legend of Zelda: Super Adventure

The Legend of Zelda: Super Adventure is the third installment on the NES Zelda franchise. The game's story follows Link's quest to defeat Dr. Link's evil scheme to rule the land. This sequel also featured several technological innovations, such as the inclusion of the Super Adventure Disk.

## Overview

Legend of Zelda: Super Adventure is the third and most recent in Nintendo's Legend of Zelda series. The game had been in development for several years by Nintendo themselves, and was originally intended to be a Wii GameCube sequel. However, Nintendo decided that the game needed more than one game in the series. On June 1st, 1998, Nintendo announced that this game would instead be a Nintendo Entertainment System game. The game was developed by Nintendo themselves, and was developed using Nintendo's newly acquired USCMS technology.

The game was originally set to be released in 2007, however, Nintendo delayed this title to the "Legend of Zelda: Super Adventure 2" and "Legend of Zelda: Super Adventure 3". The game was then hoped to be released in 2008, however, Nintendo decided that it would be more practical to release the game as "Legend of Zelda: Super Adventure 3" and "Legend of Zelda: Super Adventure", because the ending of the second game would be different in this game.

## Characters

In the Legend of Zelda series, Link is a fighter, and, in the game, the game's main antagonist is Dr. Bowser. Link's arsenal consists of:

*   Sword - Link's main weapon. For every five hits he lands, Link can perform a sword swing, which inflicts damage on enemies.
*   Bow - Link's bow, which is Link's primary ranged weapon. It can be used to attack enemies, and can also be used to shoot arrows.
*   Bowgun - Link's primary shotgun, which can be used to attack enemies, and replenish the ammo for Link's bows.
*   Bow - Link's secondary weapon. It fires a bow, and Link can shoot arrows towards enemies.
*   Bow - Link's secondary weapon. It fires a bow, and Link can shoot arrows towards enemies.
*   Bow - Link's secondary weapon. It fires a bow, and Link can shoot arrows towards enemies.
*   Bow - Link's secondary weapon. It fires a bow, and Link can
[Next](278.md)