Dantes' World

The sequel to Dantes' World is a side-scrolling platformer inspired by the classics of the genre. The player is a young boy who is in the company of his father, a magician. Diasta, a giant who has the ability to summon his own pet demon, has set up shop in a town beneath the earth. To save his town he has been training his father to be a magician.

## Overview

Dantes' World is a side-scrolling platformer in which the player is a young boy who is in the company of his father, a magician. In this game the player does many different activities as well as a few different tasks. The player plays as Diasta the giant, who has the ability to summon his own pet demon. The game is a bit similar to the D-Box games. The player has to navigate the environment to reach the objectives.

## Gameplay

In Dantes' World the player has to hunt down and defeat a number of monsters. The game is a bit difficult due to the numerous enemies. The game has a fair amount of puzzles in it.

The gameplay is a bit too difficult for the average player to handle. In the beginning the player will have to face many monsters. The game has a fair amount of puzzles. The puzzles are frequently difficult to solve.

Once the player gets through the puzzles, the player will encounter the boss of the game, the Dantes. He is a giant who is the player's nemesis.

The boss is the most difficult boss in the game. The boss will move around the environment, constantly attacking, and will try to cut the player off with his sword. The sword has to be defended by the player. The boss is also a good deal more powerful than the players. The boss will try to cut the player off with his sword and the player will have to defend him, and kill him.

The boss is known for his habit of blocking the player's path. The player has to jump over the boss, and attack him. When the player is hit, the boss will try to continue his attack, and the player will have to defend him.

## Enemies

The enemies in Dantes' World are very tough, and can take a lot damage. There are many different types of enemies, and each type of enemy more powerful than the previous one.