Neuroknight II

Neuroknight II is a 2D side-scrolling shoot 'em up developed by Andy Milonakis. The game is a graphical successor to the original's 3D side-scrolling shoot 'em up, Neo-Neuroknight.

## Overview

Neuroknight II is a 2D side-scrolling shoot 'em up developed by Andy Milonakis under the name of Neuroknight. It has a different gameplay style and is played by firing up the wazoo, hitting the button, and then winking at the player to fire up the "Neuroknight II". There are 3 different levels to the game, each with their own unique mechanical sound. The game was released for the ZX Spectrum in 1987.

The game was developed by Milonakis and published by Z-Systems in 1990.

## Gameplay

Neuroknight II is not a shoot 'em up, but it is a platformer where you shoot enemies with the aim of going into the next level. The player must use the wazoo to escape the level and if the player successfully escapes the level, the player is rewarded with a high score.

In the game, the player can use the wazoo to shoot enemies. The wazoo can also be used to run into enemies that are behind the player and shoot them in the back. The wazoo also has a laser cannon that shoots a red laser that the player can shoot.

The game also has a heavy use of time, with the player using the time to shoot enemies or collect power ups. The player can also pick up power ups that allow the player to move faster and shoot enemies faster.

## Characters

The game features 3 main characters, each with their own unique abilities. They are:

*    Neo
*   Agent

## Weapons

There are 3 main weapons that can be used by the player.

*   Darts
*   Shotgun
*   Shotgun

## Weapons

Neuroknight II features many weapons that can be used by both the player and enemies. There are 2 main types of weapons that can be used by the player.

*   Guns
*   Rifles, the one specifically for enemies.
*   Shotguns The