Aqua Kitty

Aqua Kitty is a game by M2.

Aqua Kitty is an action platformer developed by M2 and published by U.S. Gold on PC, Mac, and Linux.

Aqua Kitty is a platformer by M2, published by U.S. Gold.

Aqua Kitty was developed with the Sega Master System hardware, and the Sega Master System version was released in Japan on November 4, 1988. The game was then ported to PC and Mac, with graphical enhancements, and the Sega Master System version released in the U.S. on December 30, 1988.

Aqua Kitty was a commercial success, and the Saturn version sold more than one million units.

## Gameplay

Aqua Kitty is a 2D platformer. The player controls Aqua Kitty as she rescues her human friends from a science-fiction dystopia. This is accomplished by shooting and attacking the enemies. Aqua Kitty can climb walls and is weak with all weapons, but her attack and health are quite high. To be able to reach the top of the screen, she must use the "R" key and the "k" key to move her body, which is done by shooting her feet.

Aqua Kitty is able to cast spells, and she can attack with her sword, which is held in front of her. She can also shoot her arrows, which are colored in with a different technique. Aqua Kitty is able to shoot her arrows in three directions. Aqua Kitty can jump, but her jump is limited and she can only climb walls.

Aqua Kitty is able to use her sword, which is held in front of her, as well as her shield. When she is not using her sword, she can use her shield, which is held in front of her, as well as her sword.

## Weapons


Unlike many other games of the 80s, Aqua Kitty's weapons are distinct and have their own unique characteristics.

### Weapon

### Gun

Aqua Kitty's gun is used only when she is not using her sword.

## Weapons

### Bow

Aqua Kitty's bow is used in groups of 2 or 3.

Aqua Kitty's bow is used when she is not using her sword.

### Clothes

Aqua Kitty's clothes can be worn for a certain period of time,