# Dragon's Lair

Dragon's Lair is a puzzle-platformer in which the player has to find a way to get past the guard dogs and save the princess.

## Overview

Dragon's Lair is a simple puzzle-platformer in which the player has to find a way past the guard dogs and save the princess.

The game was created by developer Himegami and published by Sega.

## Gameplay

Dragon's Lair is a simple platformer in which the player has to find a way past the guard dogs and rescue the princess.

The platforming elements are very reminiscent of the other games that Himegami had worked on at the time. The player must avoid the guards and collect the most basic of items.

The Princess is a very fragile creature. The guards have a variety of attacks that can kill her. This does not mean she is helpless however. Players need to seek out the guard's partner and attack him with the sword. A player can then deal damage to the guard, sometimes even knock him out of the game.

The player can move, but he can only move while guarding. The guards are armed with a variety of weapons that can kill a guard, but the player will be able to kill the guard with the sword, rather than using the sword, but the guards are armed with a sword.

The game is a simple deathmatch. Players must avoid the guards and collect the most basic of items.

The Princess is a fragile creature. She is weak and cannot attack, but she can still eat and drink. The player can use her to her full potential however.

Many of the traps are hidden, or there are pits that are guarded by guards. The player is able to throw a fireball at the guard and he will be hit for damage.

### Weapons

The player starts the game with only two weapons, a sword and shield.

## Health

### Fire

Fireballs are the first item that players can collect. Fireballs do not deal a lot of damage, but they can be used to damage or kill guards. When a guard is hit, this damage is dealt to the guard, but he will die. The player is able to use a fireball with the shield, but if the shield is damaged, the player is unable to use the fireball.

### Shields

Shields are the player's
[Next](290.md)