
===
Jungles: Legends

Jungles: Legends is a 2D side-scrolling action/RPG where you take control of Gabriel, a young warrior who is trained by a warrior clan to take the fight to the evil.

## Overview

Jungles: Legends is a side-scrolling, turn-based action-adventure/RPG. The game consists of 4 main characters, who you start on a quest to defeat a powerful demon named Skafe.

The game was developed by Gambit and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Nintendo GameCube in 2003.

## Gameplay

Jungles: Legends has a "side-scrolling" gameplay style where you do the basic action of running around, fighting enemies, and shooting your bullets. You can also have a big gun that shoots big bullets. The game also has a lot of enemies and bombs.

Jungles: Legends had many weapons, and even more enemies.

## Gameplay

Jungles: Legends had many weapons and weapons.

## Enemies

*   Ancient evil spirit - The Ancient evil spirit is the second enemy that you will face in the game, but it's not that bad. It's the most powerful enemy in the game.

*   Skull of Cthulhu - This is one of the first enemies you face in the game. It's a giant squid with a sword that has a lot of health.

*   Dragon - The Dragon is the second enemy that you face in the game. It's a dragon, but it's a dragon that has a lot of health.

*   Dragon - The Dragon is the third enemy, and a lot of the enemies in Jungles are enemy enemies that can be defeated with a sword, and the sword is the only weapon that can do so.

*   Silver Bat - The Silver Bat is the second enemy that you face. It's a bat that is very slow, but it's also slow. Its a pretty slow bat, but its a lot faster than the bat.

*   Scarab - The Scarab is a giant snake that will attack you if you approach too close. The shield is usually the best weapon to use against the Scarab.

*   Old Man - The Old Man is the fourth enemy that you face in the game. It
