
===
NHL Sports Challenge (NES)

NHL Sports Challenge is a sports game for the Gameboy.

## Overview

NHL Sports Challenge is a sports game for the Gameboy.

## Gameplay

The Gameboy has a complete set of tools.

*   Probability (predictive algorithm, the most basic tool in the game),

*   Number of shots (the game features several models from the NHL lockout),

*   Position (top line, bottom line, goalie, wing, D-men, center, D-man, etc),

## Model

The game features two models. One of them is from the NHL lockout, the other is from the N.H.L.

*   Model A

*   Model B

## Additions

*   Goalie

*   D-men
*   Wing
*   Goalies

## Special effects

*   Players

*   Deaths

## Additional Notes

*   Hockeysticks

*   Red and Gold
*   Line Ups
*   Team Size
*   Team
*   Building

## The Game

The game is a hockey game for the Gameboy.

## Saving

There are several differences between save games from the N.H.L. and the N.H.L.:

*   Team size - In the N.H.L. the team size is based on the league and the players are assigned to a players position. The same is true in the N.H.L.
*   Team size - The team is made up of players who are assigned to the team position.
*   Players

## Play

The game ignores the difficulty level for the players.

The player who saves a goal will gain experience points.

Players who play on the fast track will gain experience points.

Players who play on the slow track will gain experience points.

Players can gain experience points by getting hit by an opposing player.

Players who complete the goal will gain experience points.

Players can gain experience points by scoring the goal.

Players who are hit by an opposing player will gain experience points.

Players will gain experience
