
===
R.E.M. (Reverse E.M.)

R.E.M. is the final game in the Crazy Taxi series. The game features a new blend of real and virtual reality gameplay, with a unique, and somewhat humorous, twist: the player is a cop who's on the lam after being shot by a fanatic. The game includes a number of gunplay mechanics, including a faux-3D-rendering of the police officer's weapon.

## Gameplay

The game is a comfortable, but extremely violent, experience. The player can shoot his targets and fire at a variety of angles, and while they do not give up much ammunition, a high-ranking cop can kill any of their targets, and so the player must make a point to fire back. This is perhaps the most elaborated and complex police-killing game on the market. The game has a number of guns and ammo, and there is a pistol and a rifle, as well as a shotgun. There are a number of vehicles used in the game as well, including a helicopter, a bus, a truck, a sports car, and even a submarine.

The game includes a large number of hiding and attacking, especially when the player's vehicle is in the game. The player must make a point to hide from the cop, and if he does that he can gain a gun (which is a particularly deadly weapon, as the cop is able to charge at the player and shoot him in the head, no guns required). The player must also locate the cop's body armor, as it is extremely heavy.

The game has the biggest gun-specific, and most complex, to date. The cop's weapon is the Heckler & Koch MP40, which is capable of a variety of high-level missions, such as apprehending a bank robber, finding a missing person, locating and destroying a plane, and so on. The cop's weapon is the Colt .45, which is a semi-automatic rifle. The cop's armor is the B-1, which is a combination of armor, and a handgun.

## Weapons

The game includes a number of weapons, including numerous .45's and their variations, some of which can be found throughout the game. The player is able to pick up weapons later in the game, such as the RPG, which is a pistol, and the RPG-7, which has a
