# Scorpio

Scorpio is a 3D platformer from Namco, developer of such classics as Mega Man and Bomberman. He is a clone of the original mascot, and is allowed to give back to the community of the rest of the world.

## Overview

Scorpio is a 3D platformer developed by Namco for arcades (running their PC-based NEC PC-9801 hardware) on October 7th, 1992. It was released in Japan on November 28th 1992.

## Gameplay

Scorpio is a platformer which is similar in gameplay and aesthetic to its predecessor. It is a bit more vertical, more controlled, and a bit more level-based than its predecessor. Players can now climb and jump over trees and other obstructions. Players can also use their powers to move left and right (and sometimes even accidentally attack) enemies. Players can also use their powers to make their way to the end of the stage.

## Development

The development of the game was first described by Namco themselves, in a 1999 interview where they hinted that they had been thinking about creating a 3D platformer for a long time. It was also stated that they had indeed attempted to create a 3D platformer before, but it never came out as planned.

## Plot

Scorpio follows a young man named Leo, who is sent to a military academy in the outskirts of the city. After graduating, Leo finds himself in a strange place called the "Safe Zone". There, he finds a strange object and an alien. Leo tries to communicate with the alien and is very successful. However, the alien then proceeds to attack him, mainly by throwing rocks at him. Leo is then sent to the Safe Zone as well.

## Gameplay

In the Safe Zone, it is up to Leo to use his abilities to traverse the levels. There are a total of 11 levels, each one having a different goal in mind. Each high-level objective is essentially the same.

Scorpio's primary use of powers is to find and destroy obstacles which are in his way. There are two main types of obstacles: enemy and enemy-spawned objects.

A single rock thrown at Leo will destroy all of the objects in the highest level, with the exception of one. The player must then deal with the rock-spawned objects, and there

[Next](307.md)