# Robot Fight

Robot Fight is a side-scrolling shooter in which players control a robot slug to battle it out against a horde of enemies. The game features a 2D physics-based physics engine, allowing players to create and interact with powerful, and diverse projectiles that fire powerful projectiles.  
 
  
In this shooter, players are given a choice to either follow the enemy or shoot the enemy - this is the equivalent of choosing to jump into the middle of the screen and shoot the bad guy.  
   
In this shooter players are given a choice to shoot the enemy or let the enemy hit them. In this shooter, you shoot to your opponent's back, then the enemy will shoot to your back.  
  

In this shooter players are given a choice to shoot the enemy or let the enemy hit them. In this shooter, you shoot to your opponent's back, then the enemy will shoot to your back.  
  
In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot, or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter, you are given a choice to shoot or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot or let your opponent hit you.  
   
In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot, or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter, you shoot to your opponent's back, then your opponent will shoot to your back.    
  
In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter your opponent will shoot to your back, then your back will shoot to your back.   
  
In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter your opponent will shoot to your back, then your back will shoot to your back.   
  
In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot or let your opponent hit you. In this shooter you are given a choice to shoot or let

[Next](308.md)