# Poncho Wars

Poncho Wars is a puzzle platformer released in 1991 from ? ,                                  in the UK. After the events of the game's predecessor, the player is given the task of rescuing a kidnapped princess from her captor.

The game was known for its bizarre gameplay and its massive size. It was also the first game in the series to have multiple endings.

## Plot

The game starts with the player rescuing a princess kidnapped by a wizard who is after her power. The player is tasked with rescuing the princess and defeating the wizard. As the player moves the characters on the screen, he encounters various creatures that make his life a bit tedious. The game ends with the player destroying the wizard and saving the princess.

## Gameplay

The gameplay is simple with the player running and jumping around the stages, avoiding environmental hazards and interacting with characters. The player must find as many items as he can in each stage to reach the goal of the game. If he doesn't reach the goal, he'll have to hold back and wait for his turn.

The player must find the princess, who he must find and rescue, and then defeat the wizard to unlock the final scene.

## Characters

There are 8 playable characters in Poncho Wars, each with a unique attack and magic power.

### Ninja

*   Ninja - The Ninja has a ranged attack.

*   Ninja - The Ninja can pick up and throw items at enemies.

*   Ninja - The Ninja has a melee attack.

*   Ninja - The Ninja can also kill enemies by throwing an item.

*   Ninja - The Ninja has a shield attack.

*   Ninja - The Ninja has a spell attack.

*   Ninja - The Ninja can teleport using his shield attack.

*   Ninja - The Ninja is melee attacking.

*   Ninja - The Ninja can punch enemies.

*   Ninja - The Ninja can throw items at enemies.

*   Ninja - The Ninja has a magic attack.

## Weapons

Poncho Wars features a variety of weapons that can be used to kill, or aid in
[Next](309.md)