# NHL Legends:

A hockey game developed and published by EA in 1994, it shows the world how the NHL was created.



## Overview



NHL Legends is the first installment in the series, released two years after the previous release, Hockey Manager. It is a hockey game, and it has a lot of the features from Hockey Manager, such as the player's "NHL Player" screen, which shows its players, which is also the name of the game. The game also has the "Prospect" screen, which shows the player's future prospects.   
   

Players are represented in the game as the principle NHL players of the past. The game's manager, Stanley Cup champion Dale Weise, is replaced with the player himself. In addition, the game gives players a new jersey that they can customize.  
  
The game has two different styles of play, the traditional "inside the zone" style that is popular in the NHL today. The game also has a longer period of time, from the first day of training camp to the end of the regular season.    
   
 NHL Legends is a serious hockey game, with a serious goal of making hockey fun again.  

## Gameplay

  

The player is in the same position as the player from the previous game. In the NHL, he is required to make plays in order to win the game. The player must play to the highest level possible, as he has to make good passes and make good decisions. He must not only be able to make good passes, but must also be able to make good decisions. The player must score, and in order to do that, the player must be able to shoot the puck, which is required to score more goals. The player must also be able to create scoring chances, and since he is not going to score from the slot, he must be able to create scoring chances. The player must be able to walk around the ice, and to move to and from the other team's net without getting hit. The player must be able to hit the net, and to get to the other side of the net. A player can either be hit with the puck by the other team's goalie, or he can be hit by the goalie himself. The goalie's goal, or the goalie's goal or both can be the