
===
Super Mario All-Stars 3D: Super Mario All-Stars 3D is a Super Nintendo game developed by Pei-Ping & Co Ltd and published by Nintendo.

A 3D remake of Mario's last console game, Super Mario All-Stars 3D, it was released for the Super Nintendo by Nintendo themselves in Japan on September 20th, 1993.

It features the same gameplay as the original All-Stars. The gameplay is completely different with the addition of 3D graphics. The GameCube version of the game was released in Europe on November 1998.

The game is a sequel to the Super Mario All-Stars 3D, which was released in Japan on September 1992.

A spin-off of Super Mario All-Stars, Super Mario All-Stars 3D's gameplay is very similar to that of other games of the Super Mario series' later years, such as Super Mario All-Stars. The game features a unique aesthetic and gameplay based on a Super Mario-like physics engine.

It was ported to the Nintendo GameCube in Japan on July 19th, 2005.

The game was developed by Pei-Ping & Co Ltd. and published by Nintendo.

## Overview

Super Mario All-Stars 3D is a 3D spin-off of Super Mario All-Stars, developed by Pei-Ping & Co Ltd. and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube in Japan on September 20, 1993.

Super Mario All-Stars 3D is a 3D remake of Super Mario All-Stars, developed by Pei-Ping & Co. Ltd. and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube in Japan on October 13th, 1993.

The game features the same gameplay mechanics as Super Mario All-Stars, but with more detail and larger levels. The game was originally released for the Super Nintendo in Japan on September 20th, 1993.

All-Stars 3D is a GBA sequel, developed by Pei-Ping & Co. (also known for Super Mario All-Stars 2) and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube in Japan on December 27th, 2006.

Super Mario All-Stars 3D features a unique gameplay mechanic, where the player controls Mario, who is killed by enemies or bombs. The game's death system, where Mario must swim through an area to his death, is unique among other 3D Mario games.


