OPEN-E

An open-world game that features an open world landscape, practice your sword-slinging skills with a deep and expansive library of weapons and armor.

## Overview

An open-world game where a diverse collection of weapons and armor are at your disposal; weapons include swords, bows, pistols, shotguns, rocket launchers, explosives, grenades and automatic rifles.

## Gameplay

The game has a vast array of weapons available to be wielded including swords, maces, flails, swords, axes, axes, axes, maces, swords, rifles, mortars, grenades, pistols, shotguns, shotguns, rocket launchers, tripod rifles, grenade launchers, flares, shotguns, sniper rifles, RPG launchers, shotguns, automatic rifles, rocket launchers, RPGs, shotguns, automatic rifles, rocket launchers and automatic rifles.

## Weapons

*   Sword (Sword) - The Sword is the tool of the player. The sword is the weapon that the player uses to solve puzzles. The sword can be equipped with many armor attachments such as arm guards, shields, pauldrons, shields, belts, waist guards, neck guards, breastplates, shin guards, shoulder guards, knees, legs, ankle braces, and hip guards. The sword can also be equipped with armor collars. These allow you to grow while increasing your armor class.

*   Dagger - The Dagger is the weapon of choice of the player. The Dagger is the weapon that the player uses to solve puzzles. The Dagger can be equipped with many armor attachments such as armor collars, rings, bracelets, and knee guards. The Dagger can also be equipped with armor collars. These allow you to grow while increasing your armor class.

*   Bow - The Bow is the weapon of choice of the player. The Bow is the weapon that the player uses to solve puzzles. The Bow can be equipped with many armor attachments such as breastplates, crossbows, and straps. The Bow can also be equipped with armor collars. These allow you to grow while increasing your armor class.

*   Pistol - The Pistol is the weapon of choice of the player. The pistol is the weapon that the player uses to solve puzzles. The pistol can be equipped with many armor attachments such as armor collars, shoulder guards, and wrist guards. The pistol can also be equipped with armor collars. These allow