
===
 F-1 Race

F1 Race is a racing game developed and published by Kidz Games for the Super Famicom.

## Gameplay

The game consists of 3 races, each of which are in the game's fictional real-life setting. In each race, the player must navigate a series of obstacles to reach the finish line. The game is played in a 2D environment with a 3D polygonal gameplay mechanic.

The game was later ported to the Game Boy Advance in 1994.



## Gameplay

#### Main Race

The game begins with the player being transported to a race track in the real world. The player must avoid obstacles and avoid obstacles.

#### Main Event

A four-way race to the finish line. The player must avoid obstacles and avoid obstacles.

#### Final Race

Each race is a mini-game of sorts, each having their own characteristics. Each race also has a player who is racing and the player's lives are calculated based on the player's speed over the course of the race.

## Gameplay

### Obstacles

All obstacles have a health bar. Any damage to the player's health bar will result in a death. The player will only be able to continue if the player's health is at a certain level. The player can see a graph of the player's health at any time of the game.

There are many of these obstacles in F1 Race. When the player reaches certain points, the player must avoid all objects.

### Objects

There are 14 objects to collect in F-1 Race. All objects are necessary to complete the game.

*   Uniform: Used to perform missions.
*   Uniforms: Used to perform missions.
*   Uniforms: Used to perform missions.
*   Suit: Used to perform missions.
*   Suit: Used to perform missions.
*   Suit: Used to perform missions.

### Missions

Mission objectives are the player's primary objective. Missions are timed.

The player must make a route to the score points, each of which can be achieved in a matter of seconds.

### Speed

Speed determines the player's position on the track. Speed increases the player's appearance on the map.

### Movement

The player must make a route to
