# 1.   BioShock



BioShock 2: the sequel to BioShock. BioShock 2 was released worldwide in March 2001.

A sequel to BioShock, BioShock 2: the sequel to BioShock was released worldwide in March 2001. BioShock 2 contains a large number of new features and improvements. The game also received acclaim for being the first video game to have a substantial number of playable characters.

In BioShock 2, the player has a unique and powerful warrior named Booker DeWitt. Booker is a member of the International Police Corps, working for the CIA to protect the world from a new kind of threat - terrorists. Booker is able to use the weapons, gadgets and weapons from the first game.

BioShock 2's plot is much more expansive, as Booker works to solve the mystery of the mysterious Harkback, who has disappeared after being targeted by a mysterious alien creature. Booker's job is to continue his mission to rescue the Harkback's master, the mysterious Dr. Hans Moleman. As Booker progresses through the story he will discover how the aliens are attacking Earth, using the Harkback as a weapon.

The game's gameplay is similar to that of the original BioShock. A new weapons, weapons, gadgets and vehicles are introduced, along with many new enemies.

In BioShock 2, the player is able to fight in either the BioShock or BioShock 2 universe. Booker is able to use his weapons and gadgets from the original game, but he can also fight in the BioShock 2 universe. Booker is able to use his weapons and gadgets from the original game, but he can also fight in the BioShock 2 universe.

BioShock 2, as well as the original, is the first game to have a multiplayer component. This game's multiplayer uses the same engine used for its predecessor.

BioShock 2 was also the first game in the series to feature the game's distinctive multiplayer mode. Competitive multiplayer and challenges are still present in BioShock 2.

BioShock 2 was the first game in the series to be developed by SCEE.

## Characters

### Booker DeWitt

The protagonist of BioShock 2. He is the leader of the International Police, a special task force to protect the world from a mysterious alien creature. He is able to use the weapons from the first BioShock, and his primary mission is to
[Next](322.md)