# S.M.A.T.: Special Mission Aerial Assault Team

The S.M.A.T.: Special Mission Aerial Assault Team is a side-scrolling action-adventure game in the same vein as the top-down arcade game, Missile Command. It is the last in the series and the first not to be developed by Capcom.

## Overview

S.M.A.T.: Special Mission Aerial Assault Team (known as S.M.A.T. in Japan) is a 12-bit action-adventure game developed by Capcom for the PlayStation (or SNES) platform.

The game was released on July 8th 1992 (in Japan), February 6th 1993 (in North America), and October 1st 1993 (in Europe). The game features a unique gameplay mechanic, the ability to enter enemy ships by shooting the ship's cannons. Their aim is to shoot a single cannonball at home, which results in a pirate ship being shot down and likely exploding.

It is the second game in the S.M.A.T.: Special Mission Aerial Assault Team series, following S.M.A.T.: Secret Mission: The Monster of the Deep.

## Gameplay

The player has to move the ships around the screen, taking care not to run out of ammo. The ship can take damage in the form of missile-fire from the cannons, which are a feature unique in the genre. The player can watch the direction the cannons are fired, and if he is careful enough, a ship can be shot down and shortly thereafter.

The player, as such, must avoid the cannonball's fire by shooting it from behind, normally close to the ship's bow, shot from the front of the ship and avoiding the cannonballs.

S.M.A.T.: Special Mission Aerial Assault Team features a 3-D, full-motion video, 3-D engine, so the player's ship can move quite quickly. The player can walk around, shoot enemies and set up a variety of traps, including explosive barrels and a door that must be attacked. A special "savage" version of the Savage Gun, if you recall, is used against the pirates only in the movies.

The ship can be attacked with a variety of weapons, including cannons and torpedoes. However, most of them are inaccurate and are more for show than anything else.
[Next](323.md)