# Wario Land 3: Super Circuit

Wario Land 3 is the sequel to the Nintendo Game Boy Advance's previous hit, Super Circuit. Its sequel features new songs, new weapons, and a new grand-scale 3D world.

## Overview

Wario Land 3: Super Circuit is the third game in the Nintendo Game Boy Advance's series of racing games that also includes the previous titles, Super Mario Kart and Mario Kart: Super Circuit. It's the third game in the series to feature a 3D world that was inspired by the Super Mario Bros. series of games. The game's soundtrack was composed by Nobuo Uematsu and Jacky Bunch.

The game features a new song system that features many of the same songs from Super Mario Kart.

## Gameplay

Super Mario Land 3 features a lot of the same items and enemies from the previous games. Most of the items and enemies consist of Toads, Goombas, and Minotaurs such as Wario, Koopalings, and Mario.

The game's main focus is to collect the various objects in the game. This is done by collecting stars, which are used to unlock new platforms. Stars are also used in the game's many mini-games.

The player's primary weapon is the star. The star is the player's primary weapon but can be used to attack enemies. This star loses its range attack power and weapon could be used to attack an enemy.

The main enemy is Wario Land, which has two levels, rock and lava. Wario Land can be destroyed by hitting the ground with the W function key.

## Gameplay

The player is able to use the same weapon, such as the star, the shield, and the shield button. Players can hold and release the shield and shield button to defend themselves.

### Weapons

The player has several weapons in the game including the star, shield, and the shield button. These weapons can be used to attack enemy's or to attack or defend themselves.

The star is an extremely powerful weapon that can destroy a large area. Wario Land's main weapon is the star.

### Weapon Usage

Wario Land's weapon is the star. The player must collect stars to use the weapon. Wario Land's weapons are:

*   Star: The star moves at a high speed and can
[Next](331.md)