
===
Mario Party: Super Turbo

Mario Party: Super Turbo is a European-exclusive spin-off of the Super Mario Bros. franchise, featuring a new soundtrack composed by Yoko Shimomura.

## Overview

Mario Party: Super Turbo (known as Mario Party: Super Turbo in Japan) is a 3D party game for the Famicom, developed and published by Nintendo themselves in 1996. The game had a particularly successful debut in Japan in 1998, but was never released outside of that country.

The game features new music from Yoko Shimomura.

## Gameplay

In Mario Party: Super Turbo, players are in control of a large octagon, usually consisting of two players (or three if using the Super Mario 3D Rumble Pak) and no one else. There are currently four playable characters, each with their own unique attributes and abilities. Players are given a small amount of health, stamina, and mana, including the ability to jump, and are given a limited supply of the power-ups, which are always made available.

Mario Party: Super Turbo plays very much like the Mario Party games. There are a small number of items, as well as a small number of party members. There are three different types of party members, each requiring one item to be received. There are also party members that can only be obtained through specific events, and only once per event.

General Party Art

There are some items that are required to play the game, such as hats, coins, and health-up items.

All party members have a maximum of 12 pieces of health, and a maximum of 12 pieces of mana, but can be upgraded to 12 pieces of health, and a maximum of 12 pieces of health, and a maximum of 12 pieces of mana.

## Other

The game features a variety of items that are tied to some sort of event, such as the Super Bean counter in Super Mario World. These are the items that are only available from certain events in Mario Party. They are:

*   Hat - The house icon is randomly picked and given to the player to help them during the event.
*   Mushroom - The player must be a male in order to get one.
*   Coins - The player must be a female to get one.
*   Health - The player must be a female to get one.
*
