# 2D Side-Scrolling Shoot 'em up.

## Overview

2D Side-Scrolling Shoot 'em up is a 2D side scrolling shoot 'em up developed and published by Capcom. It is the first of Capcom's 2D side scrolling Shoot 'em up series, which would later make him a staple in the Capcom side scrolling Shoot 'em up series.

The player is a mysterious alien, who, after being kidnapped from Earth, must use his alien technology to escape into space, by using his alien abilities to shoot down enemy fighters and evade the opposing fighter's laser cannon.

The game was released on the Sega Saturn and was developed by Capcom themselves.

## Gameplay

The gameplay of the game is quite simple. The game revolves around shooting. Each shot of the gun has a cooldown time. If the player shoots a square of the opponent's screen, they push a button. At that moment, a square of the opponent's screen falls down and the player has to shoot another square.

The player will shoot a square and then push a button again to move up to the next square. This can be repeated a number of times and each time the player will push a button to move to the top of the screen. This is a simple shooter, but it's very detailed and very easy to get to the top of the screen.

The player has a shotgun, which can be used to aim at a target. Each shot of the shotgun increases the number of pellets in the barrels. Each pellet is a different color. The player will shoot the target several times, and then will have to backfire, shooting a square in the target's direction and shooting a pellet in the opposite direction.

The game also features a shield, which can be used to block incoming bullets. Each shot of the shield increases the number of pellets that the shield can hold. However, as well as blocking incoming bullets, the shield also shoots numbers in a random direction.

The player learns how to shoot in the game by shooting at various targets. The game also features a Time Bomb, which can be used to destroy the opposing player's shield. Each time the player gets hit by a firebomb, they increase the number of pellets in the shields barrel and create a hole. If the player dives in, they have to swim back through a time bomb, which can get them into the wrong place.
[Next](335.md)