# Sonic Adventure 2

Sonic Adventure 2 is a platformer in the style of Adventure. The player is an explorer, who must find the secrets of a strange planet. The game is a traditional adventure game with a lot of action. The player must use magic, items, and items to solve puzzles and find new areas. The player can use guns and magic to help him. The game has an eight level "hitch-hike" style, with each level being progressively harder and the "time" on the player's timeline decreasing. After the last level, the player is presented with a boss fight, and after that a tutorial.

The game has a great amount of enemies, including:

*   Koopa Troopas
*   Koopa Koopa
*   Toads
*   E-Koopas
*   Koopa Koopa

Sonic Adventure 2 is notable for the extended gameplay, and the problem playing the game is that there is no ending. The player always finds the end of the game, and the game doesn't let up after that.

## Gameplay

Sonic Adventure 2 has a unique shooting gallery feature of jumping to various spots on the screen and shooting the various enemies. The game also has "job" elements of collecting food, which can be used to unlock items, and solving puzzles. The game also has a great amount of item boxes, such as the Chaingun, the Power-Up, the Potion Kit, the Keys, Extra Power-Up, and the Super-Potion.

## Levels

The game has 8 levels, each level has a boss, a boss is the same as the last level.

*   Deux Island
*   The Mountain
*   Reactor

## Enemies

The game has a lot of enemies. All of them are some form of traditional enemies, and with the exception of the boss, all of the bosses have different purposes in the game.

*   Zipper
*   Toad
*   Waffle
*   Jack-o-lantern
*   The Red King
*   The Big Bad
*   The King

## Weapons

Sonic Adventure 2 has a lot of weapons. There are four different weapons in the game, each has a

[Next](336.md)