A 6-pointed star is the symbol of "domination" in the Star Wars universe. It is a symbol of power, and the embodiment of the Galactic Empire.

## Overview

The 6-pointed star in the Star Wars universe is the symbol of domination in the Star Wars universe.

## Gameplay

The game is very much a Star Wars game, but there are no Jedi or Force powers here. Instead, the player has to use a Force power to control the stars, which are controlled by the player's katana.

A limited number of stars can be controlled, and the katana is only a limited amount of the game's number of modes and objectives.

The game also features a large number of enemy types and objectives.

There are two difficulty levels. The lonesome level and the arena.

There are three types of objectives.

*   Stage 1 - Players are given the location of the objective, and then the player must navigate around the objective to reach it, and then attack the objective.

*   Stage 2 - Players are given the locations of the objective, and then they must defeat the objective to progress to the dungeon, and then return to the dungeon.

*   Stage 3 - Players are given the locations of the objective, and then they must defeat the objective to progress to the dungeon, and then return to the dungeon.

*   Dungeon - Players are given the locations of the objective, and then they must defeat the objective to progress to the dungeon, and then return to the dungeon.

## Enemies

The Empire is a formidable enemy, and the player will have to use a variety of weapons and techniques to reach the goals of the game.

## Dungeon

The Dungeon is an automated dungeon that the player can construct. It is a result of the game's programming language.

The Dungeon is a large arena with several rooms, each of which is a level and location, and also contains a dungeon entrance and other items.

### Dungeon Entrance

The Dungeon Entrance is the entrance to the dungeon. The Dungeon Entrance is a large open area, and is surrounded by many rooms.

The Dungeon Entrance is an automated entrance, and is controlled by the player's Force powers.

The Dungeon Entrance has numerous traps, and the traps are controlled by