
===
Wayne Gretzky's World Tour

A driving simulator where you play as Wayne, a young and ambitious driver. You have the advantage in speed and ability, but your team mates are all looking for new ways to increase your status. The game was released in 1993.

## Overview

Wayne Gretzky's World Tour is a driving simulator. It is somewhat similar to many other drivers games: you drive a car, you race in a race. The game's main difference is that you're driving a car, you drive a simulator. The game is a standard GT series car, but you're driving a Ferrari F1 supercar.

The idea is to complete as many races as you can, through a variety of different vehicles. Other than the standard racing game, there are a variety of objectives, including driving a road course, driving a street course, and even completing a motorcycle course.

Wayne Gretzky's World Tour is a racing game for the PlayStation. It is the first and last PlayStation game to feature 3D physics. It was released in Japan in March 1993 and in 1997 in North America and Europe.

## Gameplay

Wayne Gretzky's World Tour is a racing game, as the player's ability and speed is judged by their car's rating. While the car's rating is the most important, you can also use your ability and speed to help boost your rating.

You start the game with a rating of 100, but you can earn up to 200 by completing a number of missions. The game does not require a rating to progress, as you can earn a higher rating by completing objectives and having a high rating.

The game is divided up into courses, which are mostly roads, but there are some areas that are non-road based. There are a number of vehicles available in the game, and they range from cars to motorcycles.

You can also choose to drive the Ferrari F1 supercars as well as a variety of car classes, but they are limited to a limited number of cars.

Wayne Gretzky's World Tour also features the ability to play a game mode where you can complete missions to increase your rating. These missions, known as Patrol Missions, have you driving to collect resources and catch animals to increase your rating.

Once you've completed the Patrol Mission, you're invited to a TV show called The Greatest Show on
