# Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Ghost Team 2

The game is known as simply a "ghost game" for a reason. It's a side-scrolling shooter set in the Dead Sea, and the sequel to the popular FPS.

## Overview

Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Ghost Team 2 is a side-scrolling shooter with a very unique look and feel. The gameplay is developed for the Xbox by Codemasters and the PC by Digital Fantasia. The game was released on the Xbox in December 1997 and the Playstation in March 1998.

The game features a number of new weapons, including the RPG-1 pistol, the RPG-7 automatic rifle, the RPG-1 shotgun, and the RPG-5 submachine gun.

## Gameplay

The game is played in an action-adventure style. Each level has a number of objectives and objectives eventually lead to a final showdown with the main antagonist. The game's story is told via the game's own unique audio track and the game doesn't have a story. The game seems to be about a young man who, after being sent to a remote island, discovers he has been sent to the island as a ghost. After being sent to the island by the Red, Blue and White, he must fend off the invading forces one more time before being able to return to normal.

The game was also known as a tactical computer game and was developed by Codemasters. However, this is not the only game developed by Codemasters. The game also featured several other game design elements, including a gun-shooting arcade game called Galaxy.

## Gameplay

The game's gameplay is very unique. However, it is not as much a shooter as it is a "trick-shot". Players have to be mindful of their position. The player must aim their weapon to the left or right. If they don't aim to the left or right, the shooter will miss. The shooter also has to be careful to shoot to the side, as there are enemies around. The shooter has to be aware of the enemy's position and the shooter has to be aware of the environment. The game also has a combat mechanic, where the shooter must use their pistol to shoot the back of a fleeing enemy.

The game has a lot of level design. The game divided each level into levels. Each level has several objectives. The player can choose to
[Next](343.md)