# Resident Evil 4: The New Adventure

The fourth installment of Capcom's Resident Evil franchise, which featured a number of gameplay changes from previous entries. The game's plot is set on the island of Savanna, which is inhabited by small, resilient, and fast-talking creatures with the ability to turn their backs on, and most of the game's gameplay is focused on avoiding their pursuit, which leads to the survival of a small group of survivors. Resident Evil 4's final boss, the enigmatic, masked man called "The Man", is the final boss in the series. 
  

Features "multiple" endings.  

### The New Adventure's Story  
When the player first begins the game the player is sent by the "Man" to investigate a seemingly random island. Upon further investigation, the player finds himself on the island of Savanna, a kind of island paradise for the inhabitants of the island.   
  

### The New Adventure's Gameplay   

## Gameplay

In Resident Evil 4 the player must traverse a jungle on a motorized raft in order to survive the island's many traps.  
  
### The Man

The Man is the main character and the most important character in the game. The Man is at his best in a two-dimensional, top-down perspective.   
  

## Major Characters   

### The Man

The Man is the player character for the game and he has the ability to use his weapons. The Man has a wide array of weapons and at his disposal he has a lot of weapons that he can use to beat his enemies.  
  

### The New Adventure

The New Adventure is the game's main enemy, and the player must avoid his attacks and defenses in order to survive. If the player does not take enough damage while fighting him, he will become incapacitated and able to be attacked again. The New Adventure is able to move and attack with his fists and hands. He can have a lot of weapons at his disposal, but they are of no use against the New Adventure.   
  

### The Man's Weapons  

The Man's list of weapons is extensive and his weapons are much more powerful than those of the New Adventure. The Man is able to use many special weapons that the
[Next](344.md)