# Dragon Ball Super: The Lost World

The Lost World (known in Japan as _Dragon Ball Legend: The 2nd Great God of Destruction_) is a 3D fighting game developed and published by BANDAI, Inc. for the Super Famicom in 1983.

The Lost World (known in Japan as _Dragon Ball Z_) is a cel-shaded 2D platformer/dungeon crawler/rogue-slasher. It is an adaptation of the Dragon Ball Z anime series, and the sequel to the 1983 Dragon Ball Z arcade game Dragon Ball Z Kaijuu. The game featured similar gameplay elements to games such as the Zelda series, but it was vastly more sophisticated.

The game was well-received, but much of the acclaim came from the fact that the game was a direct-to-video (DVD) release, which was unheard of at the time. The game was not released on the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1987, though.

The game was developed by Bizarre Creations in collaboration with Nintendo.

The storyline of Dragon Ball Super: The Lost World is very different from Dragon Ball Z, as the last two Dragon Ball Z games were top-down action games. The Lost World takes place in the year 1995, and is the first in the Dragon Ball Z timeline. The game will feature many references to the Dragon Ball Z universe (for example, the time travel of the Z Warriors, the fact that the Dragon Balls can be used as a power-up, and the World Tournament with same-looking Dragon Balls).

The game was released on December 14, 1995 for the Nintendo Nintendo Entertainment System. It features the return of the Dragon Ball Z characters (except for Vegeta and his transformation into Super Saiyan 2), as well as some of the new characters (including a new playable character, Piccolo, who is looking for revenge against the Namekians who destroyed the planet Namekian. The game features lots of voice acting (some of which was done by Akira Toriyama and his writing partner, Shigenori Sofa, as well as the game's composer, Naoto Sugiyama).

The game features the former Dragon Ball Z characters (except for Vegeta and his transformation into Super Saiyan 2), as well as some of the new characters (including a new playable character, Piccolo, who is looking for revenge against the Namekians who destroyed the Planet Name
[Next](345.md)