# The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap

The Minish Cap is a 2D platformer game that was released for the NES in October 1992. It is the third game in the Legend of Zelda series, following the original Legend of Zelda and Super Mario 64. The game was developed by Intelligent Planetary and published by Nintendo.

## Gameplay

The Minish Cap, as with all other Legend of Zelda games, is a platformer. It is first introduced in the Japanese Nintendo Entertainment System game Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island. The player controls a tiny, pink, blue minigolf ball and has to collect all of the 8 rings in order to unlock the secret level. The game ends when the player experiences the most rings.

The Minish Cap is also known as the "Twilight Princess" game in Japan and the "Legend of Zelda" game in the West.

## Characters

There are twelve different playable characters in The Minish Cap, each one having their own unique abilities. Each of the characters have a weapon in their inventory, each one has their own special abilities and have their own special abilities. The Minish Cap has also introduced a new special ability in the form of an upgraded weapon called "MG", which can be used in the game's 3D engine for 3D effects.

Despite the Minish Cap's age, many of the characters are referred to as old. This is due to the Minish Cap's depiction of the Legend of Zelda series. The Minish Cap also introduces a new enemy called the Biggoron, who is a giant, purple, green, bat-like creature. It is the second enemy of the game, and the Biggoron is played very differently than the Minish Cap's Biggoron.

The following are the playable characters:

*   Ganondorf
*   Link
*   Princess Zelda
*   Link
*   Link
*   Ganondorf

## Enemies

The Minish Cap's enemies are all small, green creatures, which are rarely seen in the game. They are usually either enemies that are accompanied by a boss battle, or enemies that are a challenge in their own right. The Minish Cap's enemies are unique in their design: they have two arms, rather than one, and they have no antennae. They are also completely armed when
[Next](347.md)