# NHL 2005

NHL 2005 was the first NHL game developed for the Gamecube. It was released on August 17th, 2005.

## Overview

NHL 2005 is the first and only installment of the Xbox Live Arcade Hockey series. The game is the first Xbox Live Arcade game to feature online multiplayer, and while it played as a single-player game, it was also a multiplayer-focused game. The game featured a variety of NHL-related features, including the introduction of the Tit-and-Treat Mode.

The game was released for the Xbox Live Marketplace (as a download) on October 14th, 2005.

## Gameplay

The game does have a lot of the features that the Xbox Live Arcade games have, such as online multiplayer. The game also had a lot of the same controls from the Xbox Live Arcade releases, such as the Stick, Shoots, Rinks, and Goalie.

The game included many of the Tic-Tac-Toe elements from the Xbox Live Arcade releases, such as the Point, Teeth, and Goalie.

The Gamecube version of the game featured the Goalie mode, which made it a true goalie simulator. This mode was enabled by default, but the player was able to choose the mode to play. The game is a great goalie simulator, and allows the player to play as the goalies that the game has to offer.

The game was also a great hockey game, but it felt very similar to the famous "SimCity" series. The players were exposed to lots of the same techniques from SimCity, but with a more realistic look and feel, rather than the 10 year old sim style.

## Gameplay

The game had a lot of the basic moves of a typical NHL game, such as the Stick and Rink. The Stick is a stick that is used to control the intensity of the slap shot. The Rink is a puck that is used for shots to the net. The goalies had to be able to control the stick and the puck, which is a more advanced technique from the NHL, but for the most part they had to be able to shoot the puck.

The game incorporates the "Goalie Mode" feature from the Xbox Live Arcade releases. The EA Sports games have a "Goalie Mode" that allows players to control the goalie by the stick. The