# Battlerite

Battlerite is an optional which is a sequel to the original game. It allows players to attempt a mission. Players are given a number of weapons and ammunition. The main weapon in the game is, of course, the rocket launcher. The mission force is made up of a dozen soldiers and some commanders.

The game does have a few similarities to the original Battlerite. Each soldier has a number of weapons and ammunition. Each soldier has a different style of play such as a full volley. Each soldier has a different goal. Each mission also has a different objective. The mission force is made up of a dozen soldiers. The goal of each mission is to sabotage a nuclear power plant.

## Missions

### Nuclear Power Plant

### Nuclear Power Plant: The missions can be done in any order. There are three different levels.

*   Railroad - Destroy a nuclear power plant.

*   Mission 1 - Destruction of a nuclear power plant.

*   Nuclear Power Plant: A small group of soldiers have to protect nuclear power plants, and to destroy nuclear plants.

### Nuclear Power Plant: The mission from the start. A group of soldiers will be protecting nuclear power plants (but not-yet-defused).

### Nuclear Power Plant: The mission progresses in a larger scale through the mission. The player can destroy nuclear power plants, and also destroy the nuclear plant. The goal of each mission is to destroy the nuclear reactor.

## Procurement

The player is tasked with the purchase of the various weapons and ammunition. There are a lot of weapons and ammo in the game. The player can acquire new weapons and ammo through the purchase of weapons and ammo. If the player obtains a particular type of weapon or ammunition, they can use it or, in rare cases, they can use it to upgrade their existing weapon or ammo.

## Weapons

# Weapons

*   Grenade Launcher - The grenade launcher is a weapon that fires a stack of grenades.

*   Shotgun - The shotgun is an ammo-based weapon that fires a single shell of ammunition.

*   Rocket Launcher - The rocket launcher is a weapon that fires rockets.

*   Crater Launcher - The crater launcher is a weapon that fires grenades.

*   Sniper Rifle - The sniper rifle is a weapon
[Next](358.md)