# G.R. Super Heroes

(aka G.R. Super Heroes 2)

  
This version is the last in a line of Super Heroes games for the Sega Master System. The Famicom version, unlike the Sega Genesis version, has no sound, but is instead a single-player action-adventure/platformer.  
  

## Overview

G.R. Super Heroes is the last in a line of Super Heroes games for the Sega Master System. The games were released in 1988 for the Master System, and 1991 for the Game Gear, and over the following years the Master System version received numerous sequels.  
  

## Gameplay

The gameplay of Super Heroes is the same as the game's predecessors, with the exception of a few minor changes.  
  
The Super Heroes games have very little in the way of game mechanics, and would almost rather not talk about them.   
     

The Super Heroes games have a couple of new features, and do not need to be explained.  
   
The Super Heroes games have a lot more enemies than the Super Heroes games of the time, and they are less well-armed, but have a lot more health (which is good).  
   
The Super Heroes games alternate between multiple objectives, and the player must defeat them, with the exception of a boss level.  
  
The Super Heroes games mostly have a shooter-like gameplay, with the enemy having a gun, and the player trying to avoid or shoot the gun-man.    
  
The Super Heroes games are therefore less about the shooter-like gameplay, and more about the platforming nature of the Super Heroes games.   
  

## Characters

[Next](360.md)