
===
The GRID

A free-to-play platform game, where the goal is to build up a flag that can be used as weapons. The player can start with a small flag, but as he gains resources he can increase his flag to a massive flag. The goal is to build up your flag to the maximum level possible, but if you don't have enough resources to do so, you will be stuck with nothing.

## Overview

The GRID is a free-to-play indie game where the goal is to build up a flag to the maximum level possible. The flag can have several upgrades, on top of the basic level upgrades, for a total of 8 upgrades. The player can use these upgrades to upgrade the weapon to more powerful versions, and to upgrade some of the other unique weapons. The player can also build up their flag in various ways, allowing him to build up a more powerful flag, but has much less resources to do so.

The game has a huge variety of weapons, from the basic assault rifle to the extremely powerful assault rifle, and can be played as either a sniper or a gunner. The shooter can use different scopes to shoot an enemy, and can shoot with a magnifier, which gives him an added magnification to his rifle. The shooter can also fire at a moving target, or a small target, but the player is prone to being hit by a bullet.

The game has a large total of 16 weapons, with only 6 of them being truly unique.

## Weapons

### Assault Rifle

The assault rifle is one of the most powerful weapons in the game. It is the most popular weapon in the game, because of its ability to kill enemies within a short amount of time. The assault rifle, in the game, can be upgraded three ways, once you have unlocked the gunner skill. The most important of these upgrades are the scope upgrade, which is the ability to fire the magnifier, which is used to take in more information about an enemy.

The scope is best used for spotting enemies, as it allows the player to focus on the enemy. The magnifier allows the player to see in the darkness. In the dark, the magnifier is only used for shooting, as the player can only see so far with the scope, and needs to keep up the brightness. The magnifier can be upgraded into the gunner skill, which allows the player
