
===
Anomaly 2

Anomaly 2 is the sequel to the original game in the Anomaly franchise. Its gameplay is very similar to the first game, and the main difference is that instead of being the protagonist of the game, the player is now a scientist named Thomas who is trying to solve a series of puzzles.

Anomaly 2 is a first-person shooter, and it is in the style of many puzzle-solving games. The player has to move the player to the center of the screen and then use the mouse to interact with the objects. As the objects are moving away from Thomas, the player needs to keep the mouse cursor and pick up the object, then using the mouse to interact with the object again.

The game also features a new weapon called the "Alien Arm", which is a projectile launcher that can shoot out a beam of bullets. The weapon is not considered a weapon per se, but rather a weapon with a different type of ammo.

Anomaly 2 is in the style of FPS games of the '90s and '00s. The game is played from a top-down perspective and the player is tasked with collecting energy orbs to power the weapon. In addition to the weapons, there are a number of items to collect.

There are a lot of weapons in the game, including the Alien Arm.

## Weapons

*   Alien Arm: A projectile launcher that fires energy orbs.
*   Alien Arm: A handheld weapon that fires energy balls.
*   Alien Arm: A rifle that fires energy bolts.
*   Alien Arm: A shotgun that fires energy bullets.
*   Alien Arm: A rocket launcher that fires energy projectiles.
*   Alien Arm: A machinegun that fires energy shells.
*   Alien Arm: A sniper rifle that fires energy bolts and explosions.

## Gameplay

The game is played from a top-down perspective with the player controlling Thomas an average soldier. The game also features a level editor, allowing the player to create levels and create new weapons and weapons ammo.

Anomaly 2 has a unique gun called the Alien Arm, which fires balls of energy that can hit enemies. The ball will travel a certain distance, and if the ball hits a surface, it will crash into the enemy, and the player must pick up the ball and shoot the enemy.

The player also has
