# Lionheart: PlayStation Experience

The PSX version of the game was released in summer 2006. The PSX version sold fairly well, but not by the expected amount of sales.

## Overview

Lionheart: PlayStation Experience is a puzzle-action game developed by 2K and published by Ubisoft. The PSX version is the main PC and GameCube version, which was released in June 2006. The PSX version was also released for the Samsung Galaxy Nexus and the Amazon Fire TV in November of 2006. The PSX version was later ported to the PC, PlayStation Portable and Nintendo Wii in 2007.

The PSX version of Lionheart was a critical and commercial failure, selling less than 10,000 units, despite being the highest rated PSX game ever. The disappointment was not only due to the fact that the PSX version of the game was only released in Japan and had many problems, but to the fact that the PSX version was never released outside of Japan. It was only released in Europe and North America.

## Gameplay

Lionheart: PlayStation Experience has the player, a young man named Zack, growing in power and influence. As he advances, he must use his growing wealth and skills to keep his family happy while building up his empire. Through this he must deal with the moral dilemmas and ethical dilemmas that confront young people from different backgrounds.

## Story

In the game, Zack is given a mission to assassinate a mysterious figure on a certain location. He is able to do so by entering a location, killing and retrieving the person's key. He then proceeds to the final battle, where he must kill the leader of the figures.

## Gameplay

Lionheart's gameplay is in the ancient and medieval age. If you are not careful, you will have to fight a number of villains including dragons, demons, a giant serpent and giant spiders. The game is very linear. You must enter a location, kill the person at the location and retrieve the key. Unfortunately, the game is all about killing people and Zack has the ability to kill people. He does this by shooting them with his pistols.

## Characters

What makes Zack different from other characters is his lack of a sword. He can use his swords but is unable to wield them.

###   

###  

###

[Next](374.md)