# The Gilded Age

A sequel to the earlier Sengoku era, The Gilded Age is a turn-based strategy game in which the player moves around the world conquering any and all types of settlements. The game has an open economy, expansion base from which the player can store resources, and may be sold or taken over by the other player. The game also features a strong emphasis on squad combat.



## Gameplay

The player can move and move fast, although the unit order in the player's army is limited to a small number of units. The game also features a tactical nuke as the game begins with a nuke in the initial setup of the player's army. Units can be built in a variety of units to suit the player's needs and can be placed in any order. Units have a limited number of production slots that are reserved for more powerful units. Units can be stormed from the start to the end of the game to ensure no one army is left behind. At the end of the game the player is awarded the most points of the server.

The player builds an army from the base and can expand it up to 500 units. The player can now have skirmishes, battles, and raids. The skirmish order is limited to skirmish units that can be placed at any location on the map. They can move and attack from any location and can be found in a variety of locations on the map. The player's army can be rebuilt in the barracks after a skirmish. The player's time is limited to ten minutes at the most.

The player can also build siege units in villages and can expand the ranks of siege units up to a maximum of three. The siege order can be expanded with the addition of units such as towers, walled castles, and fortresses. The main siege units are the archer and the siege-gun. The siege-gun can damage buildings and buildings and it can be used to destroy siege units.

The price of manpower is the amount of soldiers that can be created per hour by the player.

The game can be played both on a console and in a browser.

The Gilded Age is a free to play game.



## Game Modes

The game is divided into ten game modes.

*   War - The game is played in a series of objectives. The player must execute the objectives to earn points. Most