# Beer Tank (BTT)

A side-scrolling point-and-click game in which the player takes control of two miniature tanks, racing around the map, looking for a certain number of tanks by either spotting them or getting them to attack other tanks.

## Overview

BTT is a side-scrolling point-and-click game that is based around spotting, interrogating and interrogating tanks. The tank's health is affected by the amount of damage he receives, and his firing rate, which is measured by how often he fires his cannon, is greatly reduced by the lack of a cannon.

The game, which is played in a first-person perspective, is notable for its control scheme, which involves attacking tanks, such as the Panzer IV. The tanks can also be attacked by other tanks, and there are several strategies in play:

*   If the tank is hit by another tank, the player will move back and try to attack the tank with his cannon.
*   If the tank is in range of a mine, the player will try to use his cannon to shoot it.
*   If the tank is in range of a mine, the player will try to sneak past the tank with the tank he is attacking.
*   If the tank is in range of a tank, the player will try to escape with the tank he is attacking, and the last thing he will be able to do is get to the other tank.

The game also has a strong emphasis on avoiding tank fire, as the tank with the highest gun points will do the best.

## Gameplay

BTT is an action game, but the game is far from dull. The tank-based gameplay is unique, the controls are simple, and the game has a number of items that can improve the tank's overall performance. Tanks have a number of upgrades and improvements that can enhance their ability to take advantage of the different terrain.

The game also has a large number of items that can improve the tank's overall performance. The player can either buy new equipment or upgrades, such as a new tank, but a number of items can be used during gameplay to increase the tank's stats, such as a tank he is taking, or the tank's health. The tank's health is affected by the amount of damage he receives, and he can also be attacked by other tanks.
[Next](381.md)