# # 2

## Overview

# 2 is a platformer platformer developed and published by Sierra Entertainment for the NES in 1990. The game is a direct sequel to the LucasArts' game, Space Quest. It stars a hero named Clayton who must go to the planet Vulcan where he must stop the invasion of the evil alien creatures known as the Xenos.

## Gameplay

Every little bit counts in # 2. The player must fight through multiple levels, the most of which are level design and level design are anything but simple. The player is able to easily traverse the levels a particular way, however there are certain things that must be done, such as where to go, how to get to the end, etc. Also, the player must avoid or outrun the Xenos, but this is where they are most dangerous.

## Enemies

### Xenos

General:

*   Xenos

General:

*   Xenos Soldiers

General:

*   Xenos Guards

General:

*   Xenos Commander

The Xenos are the main threat that the player faces in the game. As Clayton enters the Xenos' spaceship he encounters a large mass of Xenos, many of which are armed with spears and shields, and also have larger numbers than Clayton. The player must first deal with the Xenos' spears by hitting them, then the Xenos' shields. This, however, is a much shorter process than it might appear. The shields have a shield of their own, and will react and block the player's attacks if it is in range. Also, the shields come in different sizes that increase the player's risk of being hit by a shield impact. As Clayton gains experience in the game, he will gain experience and, if a shield is not hit, create a shield and the Xenos will not attack.

## Enemies

### Xenos Pilots

General:

*   Xenos Pilots

General:

*   Xenos

General:

*   Xenos

General:

*   Xenos Commander

The Xenos are the main threat that the player faces in the game. As Clayton enters the Xenos' spaceship he encounters a large mass of Xenos, many of which are armed with spears and shields, and also have
[Next](383.md)