# Battleship

The Byzantine game of chance. Players take control of a ship and have to navigate the four corners of the map to get through a series of missions.

## Overview

Battleship is a turn-based strategy game, and the goal is to hold all the resources until the end.

Battleship is a first-person shooter, and the game is set in a world of endless possibilities. The game features a large variety of ships and classes, with the player doing everything from defending a mine with a crew, to building a fleet of ships and running from a squadron of invaders.

However, the player doesn't have to necessarily build a fleet of ships. If he wants, he can simply go to a planet and find a resource. Here, the player can either go and find the resource, or build his fleet of ships.

The game is not simple, however, as in order to hold all resources, the player must go through the planet; he can't just sit there and wait as a resource is being produced.

## Gameplay

Battleship is a simple, turn-based strategy game where the goal is to gather resources, and use them to produce units.

## Gameplay

In Battleship, the player can either build units (which cost resources), or take a resource and produce an army. Taking the resource produces units, and units are very powerful. The player can attack and unprovable troops, and send some units to the battlefield to attack and destroy units.

The player does not have to worry about his units, he can just build up his army. Units have a maximum of 3 HP.

The game is set in the Crusader-esque world of Byzantium, where the player must defend a city from an invasion by the Huns. The Huns are said to be running out of resources.

The game is played in a turn-based system, and the player must put all the resources in the right order, and have the right unit at the right time. In the game, the player can either have an army of units, or have a ship to attack and destroy mines.

The player can also build the various buildings, such as a church, a hospital, a food warehouse, a trading post, etc.

## Game Modes

Battleship can be
[Next](389.md)