# King of Dragon Pass

King of Dragon Pass is the third game in the King of Dragon series.

The game is about a human warrior named Vereth, who must travel through time to time across the years through the use of magic.  
  

## Gameplay

The game is about an adventurer who travels through time to time. In the game you take control of Vereth, who must use he and magic to travel through time using swords, shields, and an axe. The goal of each time period is to kill monsters and clear out the time periods.  
    
   

## Characters

Vereth is a human who is married to a dragon. He is a warrior or mage. He is able to use magic but not both. He is able to travel through time. Zippo to Zippo, Zappa to Zappa, Zappa to Zappa. He can change his appearance into a human or a dragon.                                                                        
  

## Gameplay

The game is about adventure and time travel. The adventuring involved a lot of items and items could not be used in a certain time period.   
  

The hero and his companion must use magic to travel through time. However, magic takes a long time to recharge, so the player must use potions to fill up on potions. There are many potions to be found. The potions give a boost in stats and greatly increase the player's magic power. The potions also make the player more prone to magic. Using potions can result in a successful magical attack, but the potion takes longer to recharge than normal potions. So potions are a key part of the game. There are many potions to be found, and if the player had more than one magic potion he may use either one or a potion. They all provide different bonuses or spells. The player must use potions wisely. The player can drink potions to increase magic abilities, and they do not take up the player's magic power.

### Items
[Next](393.md)