
===
The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap

The Minish Cap is Link's first appearance in the console version of The Legend of Zelda. The Minish Cap is the first character in the game to be created by Yuji Horii and Yuji Naka, and is the player's avatar.

## Overview

The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap is the first game in the Legend of Zelda series to be created by Yuji Horii and Yuji Naka, and is the first game in the series to be created by the latter duo. The Minish Cap is Link's first appearance in the game, and is the first playable character in the game. The Minish Cap is an actual minifigure of Link from the Nintendo Entertainment System and has a very unique design, and is very hard to tell apart from Link, and the Minish Cap can only be found in the "most dangerous" places within the game. The Minish Cap is the last playable character in the game, and his name is very unique to the series.

The Minish Cap is the game's protagonist. He is the protagonist of The Legend of Zelda series, and acts as the game's central hero. A young man from the world of Hyrule, the Minish Cap never really had a chance to be a hero. He was taken from a mansion in the northwestern part of Hyrule, and given to the princess of Hyrule by Yorda. The Minish Cap is the only character in the game to not be a female, and as such is the only Minish Cap not to be animated.

The Minish Cap is the game's final hero. The Minish Cap is the game's final hero. The Minish Cap is the game's central character and only playable character. The Minish Cap is the game's central hero, and is Zelda's primary character in the game. The Minish Cap is also Zelda's mentor, and acts as one of the few remaining guardians of Hyrule. The Minish Cap was originally to be the featured character in The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D, but he was forced to be the playable minifigure in the Wii version due to the development of the Wii Virtual Console.

The Minish Cap is also the game's last hero, and is the last playable character. The Minish Cap is Link's last playable character, and is the game
