# Nightmare Island 2

This sequel to the original game, it features new weapons, new enemies, and the same systems of items as the original.

## Overview

Nightmare Island 2 is a 2D platformer developed by Loriciels and published by SNK for arcades (running Neo Geo Master System hardware) in June 2005.

Set in a horror-themed amusement park-turned-horror-themed prison, players play as a former Member of the U.S. Army, L. Gordon Campbell. Upon his return to his unit, he finds his unit attacked and possibly wiped out. Thankfully, he is then taken into the nightmare-themed facility of the U.S. Army, the infamous "Doom Camp".

The game features a large cast of high-profile characters, including L. Gordon Campbell, Gordon Freeman, and several new voice-over roles and enemies.

## Gameplay

Nightmare Island 2 has the traditional 2D platforming elements of the series, but it has been streamlined to the point of being more akin to a 3D side-scrolling shooter.

For example, the player is required to immediately grapple onto enemies and use their grapple hook to reach the top of a level. Chains and plain rope are used to traverse levels, and a single bullet can kill a lot of enemies.

In addition, it has a "Move" button that can be used to move around, jump, and attack. The player is given a health bar, but not every enemy can be killed, and sometimes the player may have to use his health bar as a weapon to kill his enemies, but this is very rare.

The player is able to pick up items and weapons, however, they have to be careful as they can't pick up potions and potions are not always used properly. Since items and weapons are the main focus of the game, the player is constantly relying on items and weapons to help him progress in the game, however, as he is not using them as much as they should be, and sometimes they are not used properly.

There are also items and weapons that, while useful in a certain situation, are much less useful as they are only cosmetic.

## Enemies

The game features new enemies, such as the bat-like Resident Evil enemies.

The game also features unique enemies that are formidable in their own way.
[Next](398.md)