
===
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD

The third in the The Legend of Zelda series, The Wind Waker HD features the same gameplay from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, but the graphics and sound have been updated. The game features a new 3D engine and a new soundtrack.

## Overview

The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD is a Wii U HD remake of the Wii U version of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. It features the same gameplay from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, but the graphics and sound have been updated. The game features a new 3D engine and a new soundtrack.

## Gameplay

The game plays the same as the Wii U version of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, but the graphics and sound have been enhanced. The gameplay is similar to The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess DS. The player does not have to be restrained by the attack button, but the game does have to do a lot of moving and attacking in order to keep up with the enemies.

## Graphics

The graphics in Wind Waker HD are very similar to the Wii U version of The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess DS. Both the graphics and sound are very similar to the Wii U version of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Both of the game's graphics are very similar to The Legend of Zelda: Super Mario All-Stars. Both of the game's sound effects are very similar to The Legend of Zelda: The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time.

## Soundtrack

The soundtrack in The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD is very similar to that in The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Both the music and cutscenes are very similar to that in Ocarina of Time. Both of the game's music sounds very similar to that of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Both of the game's cutscenes and tracks are very similar to the music in The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess DS. Both of the game's songs have the same level design. Both of the game's songs are very similar to those in The Legend of Zelda: The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time.

## Trivia

The Waffle House, a popular destination for gamers in Hyrule, was heavily
