# Resident Evil 2: Nemesis

A game that attempted to revive the first Resident Evil franchise, Resident Evil 2: Nemesis was released for the PlayStation in the United States in 1998. It is the sequel to the critically acclaimed Resident Evil: Code Veronica X and the first remaster of the original Resident Evil.

## Overview

Resident Evil 2: Nemesis is a stealth-action/horror hybrid that was released for the PC in December 1998. It is the sequel to Resident Evil: Code Veronica X and the first remaster of the original Resident Evil.

Rescuing the kidnapped professor, if not first killing him, is the story of the game. The game begins with the scientist presumed dead and a group of guerrillas attempting to escape from San Francisco. When they are caught by the police, they are tortured. In order to escape, the guerrillas must first find to the head of the mysterious "survivor" in the guise of the police.

The game includes a new atmospheric environment, dark atmosphere, and new weapons. The first of these is the new pistol, the rifle, and the shotgun. They are available in a variety of calibers and their ammunition is used mostly in the melee combat. Other weapons can be found, but are mostly used to fight.[1]

The game is all about stealth. The last boss is a reaper who is capable of inflicting terrible damage upon the player. The player must kill this "monster" and escape the building without being hit by the reaper.

## Enemies

The game's enemies are all undead. A lot of the NPCs are also undead, though there are far fewer of them.

### Undead

All of the undead are a walking dead, but they are not the only undead in the game. They are also undead, and can only be killed by the player, with the exception of one or two who can be killed by player-controlled weapons.

The undead are all weak and can only be killed by the player, though they do have a variety of weapons that can kill them.

### The Dark

The Dark are the most powerful undead in the game. They are mutated, mutated and have the ability to attack the player with a variety of weapons. They are the most powerful undead and can be killed by the player, but they are vulnerable to the player's melee attacks.

The Dark are
[Next](406.md)