# First Strike

The first game in the series, and the first of the Virtua Fighter series, First Strike is a high-energy, fully-realistic fighter through all the stages of the game. The player must use his six different weapons and platforms to defeat the many foes to the player's advantage.

## Overview

First Strike is a high-energy, full-motion video game developed by Trendy Entertainment for the Super Nintendo in 1995. Players can control a fighter named Ryu Hayabusa (with many variations of his name) who must use his character's many moves to defeat all sorts of foes in the arcade-game First Strike. The player's fighter is given a lot of power-ups through time and amount of attacks, so the player must make the most of it.

The game was much more "realistic" than the Virtua Fighter games it replaced, but the graphics were still pretty good.  

## Character 

Ryu Hayabusa

The protagonist of the game, Ryu Hayabusa, is a skilled fighter. He is a charismatic and ambitious fighter and doesn't take himself too seriously. 

He also has a large family, but Ryu is a tough and determined fighter. He is a shy boy who has a lot of friends to play with.  

He can only use two weapons at a time, so he must figure out how to use them. He can be poisoned, though not by himself. He also can't use his other weapon, his fighters, until he has bought the required amount of money.

His fighter is a mix of super moves that can be used in a variety of ways and combos. His main move is his "flying kick", which can be used if back-flipped, but the move can only be used against invincible enemies.

The main weapon in the game is the "3 million unit punch", which fires a huge punch. The player is able to use his super move as a super attack, or a super smash attack.

He also has a super powerful fighter, called "Y'shtola". He can use both super moves, super smash attacks, super attack attacks, and super smash attacks.   

The game ends when the player's fighter is defeated.  
  

## Characters

Each character has a unique set of moves, each with a set of