In-Depth

In-Depth is a 3D-action/adventure platforming game, developed and published by                                                                
  

## Gameplay

The player must fight through a dungeon/lodestone world to progress to the end as they go through the game. This is where the player is meant to be able to find their way to the end of the level. The game had a lot of puzzles to solve, but it was mostly about finding the right item, making the right decision, and using it to solve the problem in the correct order. The player was tasked with finding the right item and using it to solve a puzzle. This is where the player attempts to solve the puzzle for as long as possible, using all items at their disposal. However, this is where the game got repetitive.  
  

## Gameplay

In Depth is an action/adventure game, developed and published by                                                        

  

## Characters

### Beast

The protagonist of In Depth, Beast is a human who is on the run from a giant beast gang. Beast has a very strong willed character, and a powerful weapon, but he is the weakest of the gang. His goal in life is to find his way to the end of the level, taking out as many minions of the beast as he can. Gathering the most Minion's possible, the player is then tasked with doing all of the necessary tasks to ensure the beast's destruction. The player is able to use the many items in the game, but they lack the power to use any weapon, and his basic attack is very weak. The game is all about finding the right combination of items, and using them in the correct order. The player is asked to use his weapon in a particular order, and that order is the order in which they will run through