# Battleship

Battleship is an Action-RPG for the PlayStation that was developed by Firelight, the developers behind the above-mentioned game.

The game's gameplay is dedicated to the concept of vertical shootouts with enemies in the background, and the four main characters are all lifelike characters who all use their abilities to shoot out bullets to the enemy.

The game was released the same year as Rage of Bahamut 3: A New Dawn, and the game's story is told through flashbacks that take place over the course of the game, each with unique context.

Battleship is most notable for its unique battle system which features the ability to collect and equip weapons and armor, each one having their own unique properties.

The game was followed by Arms, the sequel to Battleship, which could be accessed in the future through the in-game menu.

## Gameplay

During the first few battles you will be able to see a large variety of weapons and armor. You can use these items to attack enemies, but will be unable to use it as a platform.

The core combat mechanic in Battleship is the ability to blow out the air and towards the enemy. The moveable (i.e., armor-less) body is able to move through the air, and there are numerous ways for armor to gain access to this.

In the basic gun combat the player is able to aim and shoot a variety of different barrels at the enemy, and the gun can move forward, backwards, sideways, etc.

## Weapons and Armor

The game had the usual arsenal of weapons and armor, and each one has their own strengths and weaknesses. Many of them are found in the game and can be used in many ways.

### Weapons

*    Assault Rifle: This weapon fires a semi-automatic shell which cannot be controlled by the player. The shell is a semi-automatic bullet.
*   Assault Rifle: The sniper rifle is a weapon that can use a variety of different optics, which the player can use to avoid enemy snipers and to inspect enemies.
*   Grenade: This weapon fires a grenade which can be broken into three pieces, which are placed in a row and then dropped. The grenades can only be destroyed by the player, but they can be destroyed by the enemy team.
*   Grenade: