FAST TRACK: Nights of Azure

The final installment to the Fast Track series, Nights of Azure brings the story back to the forefront. The game is set in the year 2040. The player must navigate a world where technology and magic have advanced to a point where the world is now home to a new race of aliens known as the "Goddess".

The world has been turned into a dark fantasy by the Goddess. The new race, called "The Goddesses", have advanced technology and are now powerful enough to rule a world. The Goddesses are the rulers of the game, but a much darker race known as "The Dark Elves" have retained their technology and are the new enemies of the Goddesses.

The game is set in the year 2040. The game follows a young developer named Dana who has been sent to the planet of Rurukiya to find out what happened to the planet. The game is set in the year 2041. Dana's mission is to solve the mystery of Rurukiya and defeat the Goddesses and their forces of darkness.

### Gameplay

The game consists of a variety of activities that are performed along the course of the game, usually involving teleporting to various locations around the world. These include:

*   Teleporting to Rurukiya
*   Teleporting to a certain point in time
*   Teleporting to an area known as the "Dark Forest"
*   Teleporting to the bottom of the Dark Forest
*   Gathering powerups
*   Using the M-Menu to teleport to a specific point on the map
*   Using the F-Button to teleport

### Weapons

The game has weapons introduced in the previous titles. The game has 13 weapons introduced in this game, 12 of which are ranged weapons. The game also has a large number of energy weapons that are used when the player is in a trance state.

## Characters

*   Dana - The young developer who is tasked with finding the Goddesses and defeating the Goddess. Her job is to find the Goddesses, who are responsible for creating the world.

*   Mr. Gough - An old man who has been sent to Rurukiya. He is the main protagonist in this game, and the first and final boss. After the player is defeated,