# Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island - Legendary Super Mario Bros.

Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island is the sequel to Super Mario World, developed by Nintendo and published by Nintendo. It is the first Super Mario World game to be released on the GameCube.

## Overview

Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island (known as Super Mario World in Japan) is a 2D platformer developed and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System on September 22, 2001.

The sequel to Super Mario World, Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island (known as Super Mario World in Japan) is the sequel to Super Mario World, developed and published by Nintendo, and published in the Americas and PAL territories on December 27, 2001, for the Nintendo GameCube.

Yoshi's homeland is in ruins, and Princess Toadstool has to save it. This time, however, it's not the princess, but the mysterious Toadstool. This time, he's the guardian of the Mushroom Kingdom. Yoshis quest is to rescue Toadstool and save the world from the evil Toadstool, but Toadstool's power is still very weak.

The game was released for the Nintendo GameCube only in Japan on October 26, 2001. There was a localized version for the Nintendo GameCube called Super Mario World: Dimensions (known as Super Mario World: Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island) in late 2001 where the game was made playable for the Nintendo GameCube with enhancements.

A spin-off Super Mario World title titled Super Mario World: Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island (known as Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island 2: Super Mario World in Japan) was released for the Nintendo GameCube on June 30, 2006 in Japan only.

## Gameplay

Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island has a more linear approach to gameplay than its predecessor, and these changes are made in a variety of ways. Many of the enemies from Super Mario World 2 are replaced with animals and other less-threatening enemies, and the game moves at a much faster pace.

Yoshi's Mansion: Dark Kingdom (known as Super Mario World Mansion: Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island) is the game's moodier cousin, with a more open world and more interactive environments. The game attempts to make its way through the game world, adding more and more items and enemies

[Next](428.md)