
===
City Enforcer

City Enforcer is a fighter-based arcade game developed by Maxis for the Sega Genesis. It was published by Activision in 1994.

## Overview

City Enforcer is a fighter-based arcade game developed by Maxis and published by Activision for the Sega Genesis in 1994.

## Gameplay

The objective of the game is to defeat your opponents by attacking and defending attacks and counter attacks. The game features a variety of aerial and ground based attacks and special techniques.

## Characters

*    "Street Fighter"
*    "Dragon"
*   "Gouki"

## Characters

The game features a variety of fighters from the Street Fighter series. The game also features an original fighter called "Street Fighter", which was created by Hudson and published by Capcom.

## Gameplay

The player has to use his energy to attack and defend the opponent.

There are a variety of special techniques that the player can perform, such as a "Gouki kick", which shoots the opponent to the ground and fires a powerful "Gouki kick".

There are three types of fighters. The first are the "normal" fighters, which are fighters that are at the upper and lower levels of the fighting game. The normal fighters can attack, defend and use special techniques. The special fighters can attack, defend and use special techniques.

The combat system is similar to the Final Fight series. Each fighter has various techniques that can be used, and the player has to use them in order to beat the opponent.

The game features a number of fighters that are at the lower and upper levels of the fighting game. These fighters are also at the lower and upper levels of the fighting game. The lower and upper levels have a number of special techniques that can be used in a certain order, but they are restricted to the normal fighters.

The game features a variety of fighters from the Street Fighter series. The game includes new fighters in the game, such as "Street Fighter II" and "Street Fighter III". The game also features several fighters from the Dragon and GBA series.

## Characters

The game also features the original fighter called "Street Fighter". The game also includes three new fighters for the player to fight, "Gouki", "Bokaboka" and "Luffy".

##
