# Puyo Puyo

When a mysterious boy named Janus returns home from school after a year abroad, he is met by his aunt to explain why he is so absent from his life.

## Overview

Puyo Puyo is the fourth game in the Puyo Puyo series, and the last game in the series developed by Sega. It was released on the Sega Genesis in 1998, and developed by Sega themselves in 1999. It received many features from the Sega Master System, including a pseudo-3D perspective, destructible environments, and challenging gameplay. It was followed by the Sega Saturn version (which was later ported to the Sega Master System), which was developed by Sega themselves and published by Sega.

The player controls a boy named Janus, who has been left to his own devices as a 16 year old boy. Since he is an orphan, he is unable to attend school, but his aunt, Nanami, does. Janus makes his way to the school to help his aunt, but it is revealed that he is the missing student, and Nanami is the one responsible for him being absent.

The player is able to choose his own outfits, and there are many different types of enemies. Nanami has many of her own traits, such as her ability to walk on land, and her ability to swim. She also has many items, including a large boat and some weapons..

The game is the first Puyo Puyo Puyo game to feature a single player mode. There is a single player mode where the player has to use his items to beat the game, and Nanami is the main antagonist.

## Gameplay

In this mode, the player has a large variety of items on hand to make their lives much easier. The items are:

*   (Puyo Puyo)
*   Fireworks
*   Clock
*   Flower
*   Secret Get

Here is the complete list of items:

*   Fireworks
*   Clock
*   Flower
*   Secret Get

The game plays like a traditional Puyo Puyo. The player has to search out and eliminate all enemies in the game, and obtain all items by playing their elements. The player can use their items to attack their opponent's items. The player's
[Next](448.md)