# Umaru no Iru Makabe

The game is set in a time before the game of Umaru, and the player will be taking control of a young boy named Umaru no Iru Makabe who is shown to be a very young man. He lives in a town south of Kyoto, and is usually accompanied by his father, who is one of the main characters in the game. It is up to the player to make his way to the outskirts of town, and attempt to find the girl who was there when the town was attacked.

## Gameplay

Umaru no Iru Makabe is a turn-based strategy game which is a big departure from other strategy games of the time. The game is broken up into a series of levels, all of which have a goal of getting a certain number of units to the end of the level before time runs out.

The game has many mechanics which are unique to the period, including the use of unit types, units which can no longer move. These include units which can be moved, units that can move, and units which can shoot.

The game was originally developed for the Nintendo Entertainment System, but it was released on a PC-based system.

## Characters

There are 22 playable characters in the game, allowing the player to start with a total of 40 units. As with other strategy games, units in Umaru no Iru Makabe are represented by blue and green units. The player is given a tree of units, each unit represents an army type. The player then selects a unit type, and moves through the tree until he finds the unit type that represents the unit type he wants to use.

The player can use these units to attack, defend, and attack again, as well as to attack his opponent's units.

The gameplay in the game is very similar to that of many strategy games.

A unit of a particular type can move, attack, or defend. Each unit requires a certain amount of space to build up, and the player must either have the space to build up units or have units which are expensive to build up.

The game is divided into two stages, one for the player and one for the opponent, with the player starting with a base of units.

In the player's base of units, the player is given control over a number of units, and he must be

[Next](454.md)