Unsurprisingly, the game's story is based on a real-life tragedy. The game is set in the year 2036 and takes place on a planet called Algol. The protagonist, an Earth scientist named Edward Wilford, is sent to Algol as a reward for saving the planet. The game is set in a large city, called Hiccup. The player must fight their way through a number of small city-states to get to the core of Algol.

The game is set in a dystopian future. The protagonist is noted as being the last survivor of a ship that sank in the middle of the ocean. The player is a young scientist named Edward Wilford.

The player has to use his science skills to survive the disaster and rescue the planet.

## Gameplay

The player is walking around in an open world environment and traveling through different areas of the planet. The game begins with the player walking through the jungle to discover the core of the planet and the escape pods. There are also a number of other creatures that the player can encounter, such as a yellow shark, an inky black sea, and even a giant spider.

The game is split into two parts.

#1. The jungle. The player is tasked with traversing the jungle to find the pods and his way to Algol. It is a very open and time-consuming game with many hazards and traps. Later on, the player gets to the core of Algol and the pod (or pods escape) is located.

## Plot

In the game, the player is tasked with finding and freeing the pods. The player finds a pod in the jungle and goes to the core of the planet to find the pods. The player must find the pods using a number of different methods.

###

### Search

The player searches for pods and retrieves the pods. He does this by using his science skills especially his manta ray. There are many pods hiding in the tropical areas, not only in the jungle but also in the ocean, as well as hiding in other areas. The pods are saving the planet but the players must find and rescue the pods first before the pods can escape.

The pods are hiding in many places but they are hiding in many places. The pods are hiding in many places but they are hiding in many places. They are hiding in many places but they