# Fallout: New Vegas

Fallout: New Vegas was a PC-based RPG developed by Sumerian Games. It is the first entry in the series, and the last true entry in the FPS genre. The player starts out in the Mojave Wasteland, taking control of a lone Courier, who is trying to survive the harsh desert environment and find a way to the surface. New Vegas is a third-person action-adventure game with a strong emphasis on exploration and squad-based combat. The player must solve various puzzles that will lead them to the end of the game. There are a variety of weapons, clothing and power-ups that can be bought and sold throughout the game's campaign, including a variety of firearms, which must be acquired from the weapons vendor.

### Weapons

### Firearms

There are three different types of firearms in New Vegas. The player can acquire them through quests, gunsmiths, or directly from the gunsmith. Some weapons are unique, such as the pistol, and require different ammo to use, and some are used between rounds, such as the shotgun. Some weapons also have special properties, such as the pistol and the rifle being able to track the bullet's trajectory, and the precision of the shot, but they are not a requirement for a long range weapon.

There are a total of 6 different weapons, each of which have a different power-up. Each of the weapons have their own unique characteristics. The first two of these are the shotgun and the pistol, and each one of these weapons have a different ammo type. Each has a different power-up, such as the shotgun's laser sight. The shotgun and pistol have a different ballistic ammunition, such as shells. The handgun has a different caliber of bullets, such as handgun bullets. The pistol, however, has a different caliber of bolts, such as pistol bolts.

### Ammunition

The ammo is used in New Vegas is in several different categories.

*   Ammo - This is the player's basic ammunition. Everyone starts with ammo, so there is no need to worry about an ammo balance in this game. The most important category is used in the crafting, as these are used to craft weapons and armor, as well as various items such as cell phones and weapons.

*   Ammunition

*   Shotgun

*   Rifle

*   Sniper Rifle

*

[Next](459.md)