
===
*****   THE SWEET TOYS: NEW ADVENTURES In the year 2069, an alien race known as the Sweet Toots are on their way to a planet called Paradise. Though they are traveling in a spaceship, the Sweet Toots are able to communicate with the alien race through video games. On their way to Paradise, the Sweet Toots are attacked by a rocket ship. The alien, known as Laffin, asks the Sweet Toots for help. The Sweet Toots, now known as the Sweet Toots, quickly join the alien's cause. The aliens are having none of this, so they attack the Sweet Toots and steal their spaceship. However, the Sweet Toots are able to fight back and destroy the aliens. And the aliens are satisfied with their work, so they send the Sweet Toots back to Earth.

## Overview

The Sweet Toots: New Adventures, a science-fiction/fantasy side-scroller, is a sequel to the original game from the SNES. The game originally was being developed by Taito and published by Sega in 1991. It would later be ported to the Sega Master System, Saturn and PC.

The game takes place in an alternate reality where a race of aliens called the Lattes have taken over the planet. While the Sweet Toots are able to escape, some of them are forced to live on a planet called Paradise. The planet's past inhabitants are the Lattes. The Sweet Toots must collect their "Best toots" (goodies) and return to Earth.

The game would later be ported to the Sega Saturn and PC (in 1991), and to the Sega Master System in 1993.

## Best toots

In addition to the sweet toots, the player can find a wide variety of different items for the player to collect. There are items that can help the player, such as a healing guide that can heal any damage done to the player. There are also items that will make the player more powerful.

The game was later ported to the Sega Master System, Saturn and PC (in 1993).

## Gameplay

The players are tasked with collecting the best toots from various levels to a score. The player must stop the Lattes, who are teleporting around the level and using the best toots to collect the best toots. The player must protect toots by collecting them
