# Slam Dunk

Grab a power-up and try to beat the opponent to death.

## Overview

Slam Dunk is a level-based shooter, developed using the SNES's built-in hardware. The game was originally published by Aspect Games in 1990 for the Super Nintendo (the first SNES game to be released outside of Japan). The game was released in Japan on April 21, 1991, and in North America on July 22, 1991. The game was primarily developed by Aspect. The game was delayed again in Japan (on September 30, 1991) and Europe (on November 1991). The game was later released in North America and Europe in 1993.

## Gameplay

Slam Dunk is a stage-based shooter, and the player must use a variety of weapons to take to court the opponents and thereby changing the game. The player must use their momentum to pursue their opponent, as well as their attacks, and must avoid attacks by jumping and rolling. The game can be played in either a straight-forward action game, or in a side-scrolling shooter with the use of the SR-I, before switching to another weapon. The weapon is used to hit the opponent, causing them to drop their weapon. Once all weapons are used, the game switches back to a side-scrolling shooter, and the player is able to continue shooting.

The game allows the player to use the SR-I's "draw gun" mode, shooting in a certain range and direction. In this mode, the player's weapon is held in the same position as the opponent's. The gun can be rotated, but cannot be combined. The gun shot is limited to a certain range, and can burn power. The gun can be turned on, but must be used to collect power-ups, as the player can only shoot once. The player is able to collect a large variety of weapons and ammo that can be used to advance, but must be picked up and thrown away.

The game has a unique "weapon system", where the player can use weapons and power-ups to increase the player's firepower and to gain ammunition. The player can use bullets, which are gained by shooting various targets. The player can collect multiple bullet type and damage types in each level, and at higher levels, the player can also use the weapon's damage type, which increases the player's firepower.

The game also has a