Virtua Tennis 2

Virtua Tennis 2 is the sequel to the arcade tennis game. The game was developed and published by Nintendo.   
  

### Gameplay

The gameplay of the game is similar to other the games. You start off with a diamond, a ball that is rotating around the screen. The ball, like all other balls, can be shot by either a button press or a button release. The ball can be shot by either a button press, a button release, or both.     
  

### Movement

The game has a lot of movement. The ball can be shot sideways by pressing the A button, and up by pressing the B button. The ball can also be shot with the D-pad or the space bar. The ball can be shot by pressing the Up and Down buttons, or the Up and Down "L" buttons.    
  
  

### The Game

The game features a new set of mechanics that the player can use to control the ball. One of the new mechanics is the Giant Swing. The Giant Swing is a technique for players that uses the Giant Swing to reduce the ball's range. The ball can be shot with the A button, or the B button. The ball can be shot by pressing the Up and Down buttons, or the Up and Down "L" buttons.   
    
   
   

### Gameplay

The game has some new mechanics that the player can use to increase the ball's range. Players can shoot the ball by holding the A button, and shooting the ball by pressing the B button. The ball can be shot by either a button press, a button release, or both.    
  

### Traps

The game has a new set of traps that the player can use to trap the ball. The traps are the Windmill, the Balloon, and the Flame. The Flame is a trap that can only be used by players that have a flame ball. The Windmill can be used by players that have a fire ball. The Windmill can be used by players that have a tornado ball. The Windmill can be used by players that have a whirlwind ball. The Windmill is used by players that have a fire ball. The Windmill can be used by