# Soulcalibur III

A katana-wielding warrior fights the demon king. Produced by Genealogy - the new developer from Namco.

## Overview

Soulcalibur III is Namco's follow-up to their previous hit, Soulcalibur, and not only does it feature a new set of gameplay mechanics, the biggest of which is the use of an enhanced basic attack (the "Soul Edge") that can be performed in any button. This is a unique way to kill as there is no "next" button for a basic attack to follow - instead it is placed in front of the attacking player's "Sword Chop", where it can be used to attack enemies with gusto (the player's sword and shield can be placed close to one another, but still not so close that the attack is impossible to follow). Because of the enhanced basic attack, the game is a lot more fun to play, but also suffers from a lot of the same weaknesses that the original version does.

## Gameplay

The gameplay of the game is more or less identical to other katana-wielding fighters. The player has to fight enemy fighters of the same level as himself, and then uses a "Soul Edge" against them. It is important to note that the player's sword and shield can be placed in front of one another to make the player's sword and shield a little straighter. If the attack is successful, the player can exchange of the sword and shield with the enemy, not having to use his sword and shield, and instantly being able to kill them.

### Flying

The game does feature flight, as F-1/A-Ryu, the player's fighter, is able to fly. This is a very special move, where the player is able to dash, jump, and attack while dashing, jumping, and attacking. It's not as special as other fighters, but because F-1/A-Ryu is a fighter that is able to fly, he has a special ability. He can use the air dash attack, which is a dash attack performed while grounded, but he can do a lot more than just that. His standard attack is to use the sword and shield to attack, then he can use this sword and shield to attack and dashing.

### Special Attacks

*   Sword and shield: F-1/A-Ryu performs a sword-