# The game is known for its originality and for its sheer absurdity, as players must manipulate a wondrous machine to perform a variety of tasks in order to save the world.

## Overview

The game is a simple platformer that follows the story of a sentient machine as it tries to save the world from an evil corporation that has captured and enslaved it.

## Gameplay

The game is essentially a simple platformer with the player controlling a sentient machine that must perform a variety of tasks in order to attain his objective of saving the world.

## Super Smash Bros. Universe

The Super Smash Bros. Universe is a Nintendo platformer developed and published by Nintendo. It is the first Super Smash Bros. game to have a large emphasis on an arcade-style gameplay, complete with an emphasis on a "gravity" meter and a "bounce" system. Super Smash Bros. Universe features a strong emphasis on gimmicks, some of which are accompanied by a number of sound effects.

A number of items are available, including a giant bullet, a rocket, and a giant coin. Also, the game features a "Bounce" system that allows the player to perform a variety of juggles to keep up with enemies. The ball, which the player shoots, is used as a weapon, though the player can also use it as a shield. Also, there are several special items that are not available in the arcade game, such as an extra ball.

Super Smash Bros. Universe features many Super Smash Bros. style parries. The player can miss an attack by covering up, and after the parry is completed, the player is hit with the enemy's weapon. The game also features a high score system, which is based on the number of "Berries", which are earned by performing a certain combination of attacks with a certain combo chain.

Super Smash Bros. Universe features a large array of weapons throughout the game, such as a gigantic gun that shoots a very high number of bullets. For example, a player can shoot through the air and hit enemy with a rocket, but the enemy will be hit with the rocket and miss the shot. Super Smash Bros. Universe also features a variety of special weapons, including a rocket launcher and a special ball.

## Boss Battles

There are four boss battles in Super Smash Bros. Universe and each of the bosses are represented by a Super Smash Bros. Universe boss
[Next](486.md)