Yoshi's Woolly World

A side-scrolling action platformer from Nintendo, developed by The Game Factory and published by Nintendo themselves for the Super Famicom in 1995.

## Plot

Yoshi's Woolly World is a side-scrolling action-platformer where the player is Yoshi, a dog in a world that is populated by various creatures. The player is able to attack any of the enemies with the exception of the evil boss, Bowser. The game was later ported to the Nintendo GameCube in 2006.

## Gameplay

The player controls Yoshi, jumping, jumping, dodging, rolling, and sometimes jumping on enemies. The game's mechanics are simple, just jump, roll, and turn. Enemies have to be able to turn, and enemies are able to turn faster than Yoshi.

When an enemy is turned, the player can grab them and throw them. In addition to throwing and jumping, the player can also grab enemies. The game has a fixed amount of lives (10,000) and the player can lose a life by running out of lives.

When Yoshi's health drops below 0.5, the game over screen appears. The player is then given a chance to try again. When his health is below 0.5 again, he is given another chance. When Yoshi's health reaches 0.5 again, the game over screen appears.

The game also has a time limit. The player is allowed to perform a total of 26 actions for 30 minutes. The player must do:

*   Jump
*   Roll
*   Dodge
*   Jump
*   Roll

The game also has a number of health drops. Some of these will cause Yoshi to lose a life. The player must collect them all and then perform a total of 26 actions for 30 minutes.

## Gameplay

The game has a lot of enemies, especially in the first levels. The enemy's health varies. They are faster and tougher than Yoshi, but have less health.

The player starts out with a health bar at 0. Since the player can perform a total of 26 actions, only one health drops, which is then replaced with a new one.

## Enemies

There are many enemies throughout the game. These enemies have different attacks.

The first enemy is the giant radioactive mole. He will attack with his m