# THE RAGE II

The second in the Rage series, Big Trouble in Little China is the sequel to the original game, which was released on the PS2 and Sega Dreamcast in 1996 and 2003. The sequel includes an entirely new single player campaign, and new graphics and gameplay mechanics.

## Overview

Big Trouble in Little China is the sequel to the PC version of the previously released arcade game, Big Trouble in Little China. The game was also developed by HiSoft and published by Sega. It is the second in the Rage series, after Sonic the Hedgehog 2: The Great Divide.

The game was released for the Super Famicom in Japan and the SNES and Game Gear in Europe before Nintendo's Virtual Console and Game Boy Advance releases.

## Plot

In the year 20XX, the world is in the grip of an age of age-old conflict. The planet Earth has just been discovered by the Arcanaeans, by the name of Miroshima. Miroshima tells us that his purpose is to explore the world, to find the secret of the Age of Aquarius. The Arcanaeans were the first to discover the Age of Aquarius, and attempted to use Earth as a laboratory to test the Age of Aquarius, but Earth did not respond to their efforts. Miroshima then proceeds to use the Arcanaeans' technology to travel to Earth, to seek the secret of the Age of Aquarius.

The Arcanaeans attempted to use Earth as a laboratory to test the Age of Aquarius, but Earth did not respond to their efforts. Miroshima then proceeds to use the Arcanaeans' technology to travel to Earth, to seek the secret of the Age of Aquarius.

The Arcanaeans attempted to use Earth as a laboratory to test the Age of Aquarius, but Earth did not respond to their efforts. Miroshima then proceeds to use the Arcanaeans' technology to travel to Earth, to seek the secret of the Age of Aquarius.

The Arcanaeans attempted to use Earth as a laboratory to test the Age of Aquarius, but Earth did not respond to their efforts. Miroshima then proceeds to use the Arcanaeans' technology to travel to Earth, to seek the secret of the Age of Aquarius.

## Gameplay

Each level

[Next](491.md)