Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II

The second installment in the LucasArts game series, Knights of the Old Republic II debuted in November 2001 for the PlayStation. It is the first installment in the series to be released outside of Europe. It was developed by LucasArts in conjunction with Electronic Arts.

The game was released for the PlayStation in Europe on September 17th, 2001. It was also released for the PC in the U.S. on November 19th, 2001. It was developed by LucasArts and published by Electronic Arts.

The game is a mix of classic RPG and space combat elements. It was released on October 17th, 2002 for the PlayStation in Europe and November 21st, 2002 for the PC.

The game is known as the "Knight's of the Old Republic" in the U.S. and the "Knight's of the Old Republic II" in Europe.

The game is the sequel to the critically-acclaimed Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic series.

## Gameplay

Like the first game, Knights of the Old Republic II follows a similar turn-based strategy system. The game takes place in the year 2 BBY, in the year 2 BBY the Empire has conquered most of the known systems of the galaxy. In the year 2 BBY, the Empire has scattered planets and systems to the four winds.

The game has a micro-management system that constantly changes the game's state. The game is a strategy game, which means that the player is constantly making decisions. The player can choose to take up a rebellion, go on a mission, or go on a pilgrimage.

## Expansion

The game also featured an additional character in 2 BBY, named as Saradomin, and four new planets. These planets were:

*   Tarim (Kylos)
*   Tython (Kylos)
*   Vekta (Kylos)
*   Iksar (Kylos)

The game also included a new weapon called the "Warhammer Sword". This weapon was used by the Imperials in the game, which was a futuristic battle axe with a laser sight. In this game, the players have to defend the planet from the wrath of the enemy.

## Characters

There were seven characters introduced in the game:

*