# The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening

The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening was released in 1999 and in 2003, the GameCube version was re-released in the United States. The game is Zelda's first GameCube sequel and is arguably the best Zelda game for the system. A graphical upgrade to the original game was made to the game by adding a new set of enemies, weapons and environmental puzzles.

## Overview

The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening is Zelda's third Wii game. It is the first game in the series that is not based on an RPG, and the first game that neither uses a whip, nor does it require a sword.

The game was released on March 28th, 1999. It follows Link after losing the Sword of the Gods to a storm, and has him travel through the land searching for the legendary sword. The game features a large cast of characters, including Zelda, Marth, Link, Princess Zelda, the Golden Box, and many more. It also includes many puzzles that Link must solve to progress through the game. This was the first Zelda game for GameCube, and the first Zelda game to be released for the system.

The game was also released on March 20th, 2003. It was developed by Nintendo of America and published by Nintendo. The game features new features including new weapons, enemies, and dungeons. It is one of the first games to use the GameCube controller like the Wii controller.

## Gameplay

The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening is an RPG built on the Super Famicom's 3D engine. The player can embark on an adventure with Link, who can equip a variety of weapons and items. The game has many dungeons that Link must explore to find items, as well as quest dungeons to gather power-ups. The game is broken down into 8 main dungeons, each of which have a dungeon boss that Link must defeat. Dungeons are connected to each of the dungeons of the game, and are like dungeons in the Zelda series. There are many items that Link can pick up from the dungeon, such as weapons, armor, and rings. Link can also collect power-ups, which are often items that improve Link's stats.

Link's beard and hair can be worn by Link. When Link uses his sword, he uses his beard and hair to grant him magic power. The hair, however, has a different effect. Link
[Next](494.md)