# Yoshi no Joshikousei

Yoshi's Epic Quest, the first game in the highly acclaimed Mega Man series, is coming at some point in the future. The game was first released in 1985 for the Super Nintendo, and in 1992 for the Game Boy.

Unlike previous Mega Man games, the game was able to have a second playable character, but it was only its first playable character, Trilobyte, that was used.

The gameplay is similar to that of the Mario games. The player controls a robot who must traverse the stages, clearing enemies by shooting bolts of energy.

The player must use these bolts to damage enemies, or else the enemy is destroyed. The game was known for its difficulty, and many consider this the hardest game in the series. The game is known to be one of the most challenging Mega Man games.

The game is very similar to other fighting games of the time, such as Tekken or Mortal Kombat. There are many similarities, such as the use of spinning "speed bombs" and the ability to move and attack while jumping.

The game was released on February 4th, 1993 and was developed by Capcom.

## Characters

In addition to the main cast of Mega Man, there are numerous playable characters from the first three Mega Man games. The list is in order of the DLC characters themselves.

### Arceus

*   Tenshi (Panther or Falcon)

*    C. Viper (Bird or Fox)
*   Megaman (Gunner or Giger)

### Cactuar

*    Starman (Bird or Falcon)
*    Giger (Fox or Falcon)
*   Aila (Guardian or Lynx)

### Zessho

*    Shulk (Z-Man or Lynx)

### Megaman

*    Lynx (Zman or Lynx)

## Weapons

The player can wield various weapons over the course of the game:

*   Mega Buster

*    Mega Bomb

## Gameplay

Like in the Metroid Prime Trilogy, the player can choose from a multitude of different weapons. Some weapons are more powerful than others. Some can be used to one party, while others can be used for multiple